The Dallas Mavericks (30 - 27) decimated the Philadelphia 76ers (8 - 47) 129 - 103 on Sunday. The stat sheet belied the severity of the beating that Dallas handed out, as Philadelphia actually shot a solid 48 percent from the field overall and outperformed the Mavs from three - point range, 43 percent to 38 percent. The Sixers even managed to keep their league - worst turnover rate under control, handing the ball to Dallas a modest 15 times on the night. However, after Philadelphia surprised the Mavs out of the gate with a 30 - point first quarter, the home team took a lead they would never relinquish on the strength of winning the second quarter by a margin of 38 - 24. Dallas countered Jahlil Okafor's career - high 31 points by having four members of the first unit tally double - digit scoring, and the remaining starter, Zaza Pachulia, haul in double - digit boards. The point total represented a season high for Dallas, and it was also their largest margin of victory on the campaign. Okafor supplemented his scoring with eight rebounds, an assist, a steal and a block. Robert Covington was the only other member of the starting five to manage double - digit points, amassing 14 points, five boards and a steal. Isaiah Canaan actually provided the second - best point tally on the night for Philadelphia while pacing the reserves, as he recorded 15 points, a rebound and an assist. Starters Ish Smith and Nerlens Noel particularly underwhelmed, with the former managing only three points, three assists and a rebound, and the latter supplying four points, five boards, two assists, a steal and a block. The Sixers remain in last place in the Eastern Conference's Atlantic Division. They're home for their next contest, against the Orlando Magic on Tuesday. Dallas' cavalcade of productive offensive outings was led by a resurgent performance from the oft - maligned Wesley Matthews, who contributed 21 points, three rebounds and a pair of assists. Dirk Nowitzki reached the 29,0 - point milestone for his career, and totaled 18 points, seven rebounds, a pair of assists and a steal. Chandler Parsons and Deron Williams were next in line with a pair of 15 - point efforts. Parsons added four rebounds, two assists, a steal and a block, while Williams dished out eight dimes and brought in three rebounds. Zaza Pachulia registered a modest nine points, but added 10 boards, an assist and a steal. With the eventual comfortable second - half lead, the bench got in on the act as well. J.J. Barea paced the reserves with 12 points, five assists, two rebounds and a steal, while Raymond Felton pitched in 10 points, four boards, an assist, three steals. In all, the Mavs' second unit totaled a robust 51 points in the blowout. Dallas remains in third place in the Western Conference's Southwest Division, and are currently slotted as the sixth seed in the conference as well. They're off until Wednesday, when they'll face off with the Oklahoma City Thunder in a high - octane showdown at home.