The Milwaukee Bucks (1 - 3) defeated the Chicago Bulls (3 - 1), 92 - 90, on a buzzer beating shot Saturday in Game 4 of their Opening Round Series. In a potential close - out game for Chicago, it was Milwaukee who did the closing Saturday at the BMO Harris Bradley Center. The Bucks were able to put Thursday's gutting double overtime defeat behind them with a thrilling win at the buzzer to extend the series for at least one more game. When O.J Mayo canned a three pointer to put the Bucks up six with 1:44 remaining, it looked as though the Bucks were on their way to a victory in front of the home crowd. The Bulls charged back, though, mounting a six point run to tie the game. A Bulls turnover with just over a second left allowed the Bucks to call a timeout and get set for one last play. The Bulls keyed on Khris Middleton on the inbounds play, allowing Jerryd Bayless to cut to the basket where he hit the game winning layup as time expired. The series will shift back to Chicago on Monday for Game 5. Chicago trailed by as many as 18 in Game 3 but was able to mount a comeback and notch a victory in double overtime; Saturday's script went differently, however. Turnovers marred Chicago's ability to finish off the Bucks on Saturday. The Bulls committed 28 turnovers, which the Bucks turned into 39 points. Derrick Rose was responsible for eight of those turnovers and just six assists. Nikola Mirotic was able to play after missing Thursday's game with a quadriceps injury but finished with just five points on 2 - of - 7 shooting over 20 minutes on the floor. One bright spot for Chicago was the play of Jimmy Butler, who looked unstoppable on his way to scoring 33 points. Chicago will look to close out the series Monday on its home court. Milwaukee made use of its depth to get the thrilling win Saturday. Jerryd Bayless was the hero with the game winning shot, but there were other key contributors off Milwaukee's bench. O.J Mayo led the Bucks in scoring with 18 points in 24 minutes and John Henson had a huge impact on the defensive end with four blocks and a steal. Henson also pulled down three offensive rebounds and five boards overall. Three of Milwaukee's bench players scored as many or more points than all of its starters individually. The Bucks will look to use the momentum from Saturday's victory to stay alive in the series Monday.