The Orlando Magic defeated the Washington Wizards, 124 - 116, at Verizon Center on Tuesday. Just a few games ago, the Magic (10 - 12) were in the midst of a forgettable stretch where they lost five of six contests. However, after some tinkering with the starting five, they've started to find the right balance and hit their stride. Never has that been more evident than Tuesday, when they exploded for a season - high point total. It was notably the second unit, which includes a pair of former starters in Elfrid Payton and Nikola Vucevic, that carried the night for Orlando, as they combined for a whopping 73 points. That superb effort helped overcome a herculean performance from the Wizards' John Wall, who went for a season - high 52 points. Payton actually led the way for Orlando overall, posting a team - high 25 points and supplementing that total with nine assists, a rebound, three steals and three blocks over 35 minutes on the court. It was a season - high point total for the point guard, who'd posted three straight single - digit scoring outings prior to Tuesday. The second - and third - highest scorers for the Magic were also on the second unit, with Jeff Green compiling 20 points, three rebounds and a steal. Jodie Meeks was next with 18 points, two rebounds and an assist in just 16 minutes off the bench. Bismack Biyombo posted a 14 - point, 13 - rebound double - double that also featured two assists and three blocks. Evan Fournier and Serge Ibaka registered a pair of 10 - point efforts, with the former posting three rebounds and an assist, and the latter supplying five rebounds, an assist and four blocks. Vucevic managed a 10 - point, 10 - rebound double - double on the second unit as well. Wall added eight assists, four rebounds and three steals to his game - high scoring haul. Bradley Beal was a distant second on the Wizards (7 - 13) with 19 points, three rebounds and three assists. Markieff Morris tallied 10 points, seven rebounds, two assists and a block. Otto Porter (seven points) and Marcin Gortat (six points) turned in modest offensive totals, but the latter did also haul in 11 rebounds, along with an assist, a steal and a block. Marcus Thornton led the second unit with a full stat line of eight points, five rebounds, three assists and a steal. The Magic head back home to face off with the Boston Celtics on Wednesday night, while the Wizards remain home to face the Denver Nuggets on Thursday evening.