The Golden State Warriors defeated the visiting Oklahoma City Thunder, 120 - 111, in Game 5 of the Western Conference finals at Oracle Arena on Thursday. The Thunder lead the series, 3 - 2. The Warriors had their backs against the wall after losing Games 3 and 4 in Oklahoma City, but it’s a different game when your back is against the wall in your house. Oracle Arena was one of the toughest arenas to win in all season long for the opposition, and Golden State got back on track, ran their offense, found their stroke from behind the arc and held off a hungry Thunder team. Kevin Durant and Russell Westbrook did not make it an easy nine point win for the defending champions, as both players combined for 71 points and simply would not quit down double figures late in the fourth quarter. The first half went in favor of Golden State, as the small ball lineup returned to form behind Draymond Green’s physical play and an improved rebounding effort from the Michigan State product and his Australian counterpart, Andrew Bogut. The Thunder went into the half down eight points, but Durant went to another level by attacking the rim possession after possession and willed his way to the free throw line. Durant finished a perfect 13 - of - 13 from the charity stripe. Three of those free throws came late in the fourth quarter, as the Thunder were on the brink of trimming a 10 point Warriors lead to five points. The all - star forward was fouled behind the arc by Harrison Barnes, and drained all his free throws. Stephen Curry then turned the ball over, Russell Westbrook drove the lane and got himself an and - 1, missed the free throw off the front of the rim, recovered the rebound and saw Durant at the three - point line. Durant happened to miss the needed trey, and the Warriors were able to close out the rest of the game. The sequence of events proved the Thunder are at their hungriest and were not going down in Golden State without an intense fight. Westbrook finished with 31 points, seven rebounds, eight rebounds, five steals and seven turnovers, while Durant topped off the scoring column with 40 points. Serge Ibaka has resurged himself in this series, and added 13 points and eight boards. Golden State was led by Curry and Thompson, as the backcourt combined for 58 points, 12 rebounds, eight assists and six steals (five of which were Curry’s), on 17 - of - 41 shooting. Draymond Green stuffed the stat sheet to the tune of 11 points, 13 rebounds, four assists and four blocks on 4 - of - 10 shooting, and added his best defense of the series when the Warriors needed it most. Game 6 will return to Oklahoma City on Saturday.