The Miami Heat defeated the Brooklyn Nets, 108 - 99, at Barclays Center on Friday. The two teams came into Friday's contest as polar opposites, with the Heat (24 - 30) looking to tally their 13th consecutive victory and the Nets (9 - 45) trying to avoid a 12th straight defeat. Brooklyn's one ray of hope was the fact that they'd notched seven of their nine wins on the season at home, and perhaps the more intangible factor of the odds eventually favoring a Miami loss and Brooklyn victory, given their respective extended streaks. However, as usual, the Nets could n't hang on to the ball with any degree of consistency, significantly undermining their chances. The home team committed 22 turnovers overall, while also getting outscored 59 - 46 in the second half. The Heat bench compiled 56 points overall, with James Johnson scoring a team - high 26, and adding eight rebounds, two assists, three blocks and a steal. Goran Dragic was next with 21 points, five assists, four rebounds and one steal. Tyler Johnson totaled 18 points, six rebounds, two assists and three steals. Rodney McGruder chipped in with 11 points, six rebounds, three assists and four steals. Okaro White supplied 10 points, five boards and one assist in 31 minutes as a reserve. Wayne Ellington drew the start for Dion Waiters (ankle) and went for nine points, four rebounds, two assists and one steal, and Hassan Whiteside had a quiet game despite the appealing matchup, posting eight points, nine boards, one steal and four blocks. Brook Lopez's 30 points led Brooklyn, a total he supplemented with eight rebounds, one assist and two blocks. Randy Foye tallied 15 points, one rebound and two assists. Bojan Bogdanovic was the third and final member of the Nets with double - digit scoring, collecting 10 points and six rebounds. Caris LeVert submitted a bench - leading nine points along with three rebounds and one assist. Trevor Booker was productive as a reserve as well, managing eight points, hauling in 10 boards and dishing out one assist. The Heat next head to Philadelphia to tangle with the Sixers on Saturday night, while the Nets remain home to face off with the Memphis Grizzlies on Monday night.