The Denver Nuggets (8 - 13) won their second straight close game, defeating the Philadelphia 76ers (1 - 20) 108 - 105 on Saturday. Down 59 - 52 at the half, the Nuggets flipped the switch in the fourth quarter, outscoring the Sixers 30 - 19 in the final period to secure their second consecutive victory. In a game featuring two of the more permeable frontcourts in the league, Denver outrebounded Philadelphia 47 to 40 and outscored them in the paint, 44 to 34. The Sixers were further weakened up front by the absence of standout rookie Jahlil Okafor, who was serving the second game of a team - imposed two - game suspension for recent off - the - court issues. Danilo Gallinari, as he has often done this season, spearheaded the Nuggets' offensive attack with a 24 - point, seven - rebound performance, his second consecutive game over the 20 - point mark. The visitors also got a strong outing off the bench from Will Barton, who is certainly in contention for the Sixth Man of the Year award at this point. Barton contributed 16 points, and added nine rebounds, an assist and a steal over 33 minutes to come in second behind Gallinari in team scoring. For the starters, Randy Foye turned in another solid start in place of Gary Harris, notching 11 points, five rebounds, an assist and a steal. Rookie Emmanuel Mudiay only shot 33 percent but managed to pitch in 10 points, six assists, five rebounds and a steal. He did commit seven turnovers, underscoring an area of his game he must continue to focus on. Kenneth Faried came off the bench for 22 minutes and was a rebound shy of a double - double, pouring in 12 points and hauling in nine boards. Jameer Nelson was the third Denver player to manage double - digit points in a reserve role, posting 10 points, three assists and a pair of rebounds. Denver improved to 8 - 13 but remains in last place in the Western Conference's Northwest Division. They head home for a date with the Orlando Magic on Tuesday. The Sixers turned in a valiant effort without Okafor, but could n't hold on to the lead in the second half. All five starters notably turned in double - digit scoring performances, led by Robert Covington's 18 - point, 10 - rebound double - double. The starting backcourt duo of Isaiah Canaan and T.J. McConnell were also solid contributors, tallying 15 and 10 points, respectively. McConnell in particular stuffed the stat sheet by adding eight rebounds, six assists and three steals. Nerlens Noel (14 points, five rebounds, two blocks) and Jerami Grant (10 points, two assists, a rebound, four steals and a pair of blocks) pitched in all over the court as well. Jakarr Sampson (13 points) and Richaun Holmes (10 points) also got in on the act from the bench, making it one of the best team efforts for Philadelphia in what has been a miserable campaign to date. The Sixers fell to 1 - 20 and remain last in the Eastern Conference's Atlantic Division. They are home for a tough matchup versus the San Antonio Spurs on Monday.