The Sacramento Kings (16 - 21) defeated the Utah Jazz (17 - 22) 103 - 101 on Thursday night. One look at the statistics would indicate a Sacramento blowout, but this game came down to the final shot. Utah actually hit a game - tying three with four seconds left, but Rudy Gay ruined that moment of joy for Jazz fans by hitting a mid - range jumper to win the game. The Kings got off to a 26 - 12 start after the first quarter and barely held on late for the win. Sacramento outrebounded the Jazz 54 - 38 and outshot them 46 percent to 42 percent. What killed Utah was it's three - point shooting, as they went 6 - for - 34 from long range. Sacramento has been playing their best basketball of the season over recent weeks and got an impressive road win here. It was once again DeMarcus Cousins who carried the load, as he is now the leading scorer in the NBA since the calendar turned. Cousins put together a 36 point and 17 rebound line in this win and dominated the Jazz frontcourt all game long. Rudy Gay also had a big game, as he tallied 24 points and nine rebounds while also hitting the game - winner. Rajon Rondo added to his league - leading assist total, as he dished out 13 dimes in yet another strong performance. The Kings will have to take on the Los Angeles Clippers in their next game, who currently hold the longest winning streak in the NBA. Utah got off to a horrendous start tonight and just couldn’t quite pull off the comeback late. Gordon Hayward, Trey Burke and Rodney Hood are the three best shooters on this team and they all shot horribly here. In fact, they combined to go 2 - for - 22 from three - point range in the loss. While Hayward mightily struggled with his shot, he still managed to tally 21 points and eight rebounds in a solid game. Trey Lyles also had an impressive game filling in for Derrick Favors, as he scored a career - high 19 points in the loss. This team is hard to figure out and while they are scary at times, they can be downright bad at others. With that said, they'll have a good chance to bounce - back against the Los Angeles Lakers on Saturday in their next game.