The Charlotte Hornets defeated the Detroit Pistons, 87 - 77, at Spectrum Arena on Wednesday. The Hornets (13 - 9) have often counted on their standout guard combo of Kemba Walker and Nicolas Batum this season to serve as the foundation of their offense, and their contributions came in particularly handy Wednesday against the Pistons (12 - 12). Andre Drummond posted a 26 - point, 20 - rebound double - double for Detroit that also featured an assist and a pair of blocks, but the Hornets' dynamic duo countered with a 25 - point tally from Walker and a 14 - point, 15 - rebound effort from Batum. Despite the trio of remarkable performances, it was largely a defensive - minded contest, with both teams shooting under 40 percent from the field, and with the Pistons posting a particularly unsightly 15 percent success rate from behind the arc. Tobias Harris was a distant second on Detroit with 14 points, seven rebounds, two assists and a block. Reggie Jackson continued to ramp up his minutes in his third game back from offseason knee problems, totaling 10 points, three rebounds, two assists and a block over 26 minutes. Kentavious Caldwell-Pope and Marcus Morris had quiet nights on the scoreboard by their standards with a pair of seven - point contributions, but the latter did haul in 10 rebounds. Jon Leuer headlined a modest outing for the second unit with six points, six assists and four rebounds. Walker added four assists, three rebounds and two steals to his game - high scoring haul, while Batum also dished out three dimes. Marvin Williams was back in the starting lineup after missing six games with a knee injury and supplied 12 points, five rebounds and a steal. Cody Zeller posted nine points, six rebounds and a block, while Marco Belinelli led the reserves with 13 points, five rebounds, an assist and two steals in 28 minutes. The Pistons continue on the road and next visit with the Minnesota Timberwolves on Friday evening, while the Hornets remain home to face off with the Orlando Magic on Friday night as well.