The Washington Wizards (28 - 30) defeated the Cleveland Cavaliers (41 - 17) 113 - 99 on Sunday. LeBron James was given an off day for only the second time this season and unfortunately for the Cavs, the results of his absence were somewhat predictable. The final margin of victory for the Wizards belied their game - long dominance of Cleveland, who was already staring at a 96 - 70 deficit heading into the final period. Washington's first unit unsurprisingly bested Cleveland's starting five in all major categories, and only Kyrie Irving appeared determined to try and keep the game respectable for the short - handed visitors. The victory was a crucial one for a Wizards squad that needs every win it can get down the stretch, and the comfortable second - half lead allowed their front - line players some much needed rest. All five members of the first unit were able to play under 30 minutes for the Wizards, a welcome luxury in the latter stages of what has been a tough season for them to date. Irving's 28 points spearheaded Cleveland's attack on the afternoon, and the game - high scoring total was supplemented by six assists and a rebound. Kevin Love was a distant second with 12 points, five rebounds and an assist in just 24 minutes of play. Veteran Richard Jefferson drew the start in James' place, and contributed 10 points, five boards and an assist. Tristan Thompson (two points, two rebounds, two assists) and J.R. Smith (eight points, four rebounds, an assist and two steals) were underwhelming while rounding out a generally forgettable afternoon for the Cavs' first unit. Timofey Mozgov contributed a 10 - point, 10 - rebound double - double off the bench to pace the reserves. Despite the defeat, the Cavs continue atop the Eastern Conference Central Division and also possess the first seed in the conference by one and a half games over the Toronto Raptors, who can make up some ground by defeating the Detroit Pistons later Sunday. Cleveland heads back home to face off against the Indiana Pacers on Monday evening. John Wall led the way for Washington with 21 points, 13 assists and seven rebounds in just 29 minutes. Otto Porter encouragingly matched Wall's point total and added five rebounds, three assists and a block. It was notably only the second performance of over 20 points for the struggling forward in February, and first since Feb. 6 versus the Hornets. Marcin Gortat contributed a near double - double with 13 points, nine rebounds, three assists and a block. Bradley Beal, still coming off the bench, poured in 17 points and added three rebounds, an assist and a pair of steals to pace the reserves. The Wizards are currently in fourth place in the Eastern Conference's Southeast Division, and two games back of the eighth - seeded Chicago Bulls. They remain home to face the Philadelphia 76ers on Monday night.