The Oklahoma City Thunder (39 - 14) defeated the Phoenix Suns (14 - 39) 122 - 106 on Monday. The high - octane Thunder got a bit more than they likely bargained for from a game Suns squad, beginning in the second period. After Oklahoma City jumped out to a 28 - 19 lead after the first 12 minutes, Phoenix answered with a 38 - point second quarter in which they outscored the Thunder by nine. Entering the fourth quarter, the visitors clung to a surprisingly thin 89 - 85 lead. After P.J. Tucker sank a four - footer with 5:43 remaining, Phoenix had closed to within three, 99 - 96. However, the Thunder scored seven of the next eight points, led by a pair of free throws apiece from Russell Westbrook and Kevin Durant. Although the Suns got as close as four points on one more occasion, Oklahoma City pulled away over the final 3:47 to seal the harder - than - expected win. Durant led the charge for the Thunder with 32 points - - a scoring haul that included five three - pointers - - and added six rebounds, three assists, a steal and two blocks. Westbrook came close to one of his trademark triple - doubles, managing 29 points, eight rebounds, eight assists and two steals. The one blemish on his otherwise stellar outing was the six turnovers he committed. Dion Waiters pitched in with 15 points, four assists, three steals and a block. Enes Kanter and Cameron Payne paced the reserves with a pair of 11 - point efforts, with Kanter adding six rebounds and Payne registering four rebounds and four assists. Oklahoma City remains atop the Western Conference's Northwest Division. They're back home on Thursday for a showdown with Anthony Davis and the New Orleans Pelicans. Phoenix's attack was spearheaded by 23 points from a resurgent Markieff Morris. He also supplied seven rebounds, three assists, two steals and a block. However, like Westbrook, Morris was also guilty of handing the ball to the opposition on six occasions. Archie Goodwin continued his solid play as the starting point guard, managing 20 points, seven assists and four boards. Tucker amassed 16 points, five rebounds, two assists and five steals, while Tyson Chandler totaled 11 points, seven boards and a block. Mirza Teletovic paced the Phoenix reserves with 17 points, and also added an assist. Alex Len had a near double - double off the bench as well, registering 13 points, eight boards, two assists, two steals and a block. The Suns remain in fourth place in the Western Conference's Pacific Division. They're at home again Wednesday for another tussle with a high - powered offense, as the reigning champion Golden State Warriors come to town.