The Toronto Raptors defeated the Denver Nuggets 105 - 102 at Air Canada Centre on Monday. Through the season's first two games, Kyle Lowry could n't seem to find the bottom of the net, shooting just 8 - for - 29 from the fiedl. Backcourt mate DeMar DeRozan, meanwhile, was playing like a man fully deserving of the $139 million commitment the Raptors (2 - 1) made in him this past offseason. Monday, it all came together for the talented guard duo, as they combined for a 62 - point tally to spearhead Toronto in a victory that was in doubt until the final buzzer. Danilo Gallinari's last - gasp three - point heave nearly found the basket as the clock hit double zeros, but the Raptors averted overtime and won their second home game in three tries. A trio of 16 - point efforts from Gallinari, Will Barton and Emmanuel Mudiay paced the scoring output for the Nuggets (1 - 2) on the night. Gallinari did a lot of his damage from the free - throw line, where he converted all eight attempts, and was just 3 - for - 11 from the field. Jusuf Nurkic was dominant down low, notching 13 points, 18 rebounds, an assist, five blocks and a steal. Frontcourt mate Nikola Jokic turned in a solid 12 points, along with four boards and an assist. Jameer Nelson paced the bench with a 13 - point effort. DeRozan's 33 points led the Raptors, a scoring total he supplemented with five rebounds, an assist and a steal. Lowry followed with a season - high 29 points and added seven assists, five rebounds and three steals. His final points of the night, a driving layup with 45 seconds remaining, also gave Toronto a little breathing room by extending the lead to 105 - 102. Jonas Valanciunas continued his strong early - season play with 12 points, nine boards, an assist and a block, while DeMarre Carroll supplied 10 points, a pair of rebounds and a block. The Nuggets next head to Minnesota for a Thursday showdown with the Timberwolves, while the Raptors hit the road for the first time this season. Toronto will face off with Golden State in Oakland on Wednesday.