The Cleveland Cavaliers (23 - 9) defeated the Toronto Raptors (21 - 15) 122 - 100 on Monday. Already known for their suffocating defense, the Cavaliers flipped the switch on another aspect of their game Monday, one that should put the rest of the league on notice. Cleveland caught fire from the field and turned into Warriors East for the evening, knocking down 55 percent of their attempts from the field and an outstanding 52 percent of the 33 they took from beyond the arc. The Cavs' starting five impressively drained 13 long - range buckets, with the reserves pitching in another four. Their sharpshooting resulted in a season - high 122 points for Cleveland, who pulled away from the Raptors in the second half by winning the final two quarters by a pair of 32 - 22 margins. The visitors were led by Kyle Lowry's 23 - point, 10 - assist double - double, his third straight such performance. He supplemented the effort with four rebounds, a pair of steals and a block. Partner in crime and backcourt mate DeMar DeRozan was right behind Lowry with 19 points, four assists, a pair of rebounds and a steal. The remaining members of the starting five managed modest - to - subpar efforts, with Jonas Valanciunas' nine points and eight rebounds serving as the most notable. Patrick Patterson paced the Raptors bench with 15 points. Toronto fell to 21 - 15 but remains in first place in the Eastern Conference's Atlantic Division. They now head to Brooklyn to take on the Nets on Wednesday. Cleveland's formidable attack was spearheaded by Kyrie Irving, who can be officially considered back to full strength. The 23 - year - old played a season - high 29 minutes and was highly productive with them, pouring in a season - best 25 points, dishing out eight assists and hauling in six boards. J.R. Smith pitched in with a 24 - point effort that consisted exclusively of three - pointers, while LeBron James managed 20 points, seven assists, a pair of rebounds and three steals. Kevin Love and Tristan Thompson rounded out a stellar night for the starters with a pair of 14 - point efforts, totals that were complemented with nine and 11 rebounds, respectively. Matthew Dellavedova led the reserves with 11 points, four assists and three rebounds over 25 minutes. The Cavaliers improved to 23 - 9 and continue atop the Eastern Conference's Central Division. They now head to Washington to take on the Wizards on Wednesday.