The Golden State Warriors (41 - 4) defeated the San Antonio Spurs (38 - 7) 120 - 90 at Oracle Arena on Monday. The most anticipated matchup of the season resulted in a surprising 30 - point rout in favor of the Warriors. The first of four regular season matchups between the NBA’s two best teams started off shaky for San Antonio, as they converted eight turnovers in the first quarter, and never truly recovered over the next three periods. The turnovers started at the expense of Tony Parker, the 15 year veteran who uncharacteristically made bad passes, was out played by Stephen Curry on the defensive end. Kawhi Leonard was eventually switched to guard the reigning MVP, but was as unsuccessful as Parker in trying to slow down Curry. Leonard led the Spurs in scoring and finished with 16 points on 4 - of - 6 shooting, to go along with five rebounds and two assists. David West started in place of Tim Duncan (knee), and also finished in double - figures with 12 points. LaMarcus Aldridge was unable to get comfortable in the post, Boris Diaw faced difficulty getting space and Manu Ginobili was equally ineffective from behind the arc and on the drive. The loss snapped a 13 game winning streak for San Antonio. The Spurs will look to bounce back when they host the Houston Rockets (25 - 22) on Wednesday. The Warriors did not disappoint in their own arena, and were more impressive on the defensive end of the floor as compared to their high powered offense. While Golden State dropped 120 points, they harassed the Spurs and forced 26 turnovers which led to an early first half lead, in which they did not let go of the rest of the game. The quickness of the Warriors offense caused constant mismatches, especially in the paint after the drive, where Shaun Livingston was the first to wreck havoc in transition. Livingston’s 13 points were mostly seen in the second quarter. Stephen Curry was far from quiet and started to heat up where Livingston left off, as he scored 37 points on 12 - of - 20 shooting, including six three - pointers in 28 minutes. Draymond Green commanded the offense during many of the Warriors possessions, as a result, he rounded out the box score with 11 points, nine rebounds and six assists. Six Warriors players finished in double figures with no one player going for more than 28 minutes, as the lead in the fourth quarter was comfortable enough to run the reserves. The win marks the fourth straight for Golden State. The Warriors will host the Dallas Mavericks (25 - 21), one of the only teams to beat them this season, on Wednesday.