The Brooklyn Nets defeated the Detroit Pistons, 109 - 101, at Barclays Center on Wednesday. The Pistons came in to Wednesday riding a 3 - 1 record, while the Nets sported a 1 - 3 mark that seemed indicative of their lack of offensive firepower. However, a pair of standout efforts from Brook Lopez on the first unit and Sean Kilpatrick off the bench led Brooklyn (2 - 3) to the upset victory and stellar 54 and 48 percent success rates from the field and three - point range, respectively. The Nets were also superior around the basket, as they outrebounded the visitors by a 45 - 38 margin, with 40 of those boards on the defensive end. They also outscored Detroit (3 - 2) 50 - 34 in the paint, while holding standout big man Andre Drummond to a season - low six points and six rebounds. The reliable duo of Marcus Morris and Tobias Harris co - led the Pistons with a pair of 23 - point efforts, with the former adding four rebounds, two assists and three steals and the latter also supplying four boards, an assist and a steal. Kentavious Caldwell-Pope was the only other member of the starting five with double - digit scoring, totaling 15 points and also registering seven rebounds, two assists and four steals. Jon Leuer continued his strong work off the bench in the early going this season, compiling 11 points, seven rebounds and two blocks, while fellow veteran Beno Udrih managed 10 points, four assists, a rebound and a steal. Lopez exploded for a 34 - point, 11 - rebound double - double to lead the way for the Nets, and added an assist, a steal and a block. The versatile big man went 12 - of - 21 from the field and also impressively drained half of his eight long - range tries. Bojan Bogdanovic collected 11 points, four rebounds and a pair of assists, while Jeremy Lin supplied 10 points, four assists and a pair of boards. Kilpatrick led the bench with a season - high 24 points and 10 rebounds while also dishing out three assists and recording two steals. Joe Harris was also strong in a reserve capacity, contributing a 13 - point effort. The Pistons head back home to face off with the Denver Nuggets on Saturday night, while the Nets remain in the Empire State to tangle with the Hornets on Friday evening.