The Orlando Magic (7 - 8) defeated the New York Knicks (8 - 8) 100 - 91 on Wednesday. The Magic and Knicks played a very strange game on Wednesday, as both teams shot terribly, but did n't make many mistakes. In fact, Both teams shot below 40 percent from the field and the two teams combined for just 18 turnovers. Defense was clearly the focus for both teams, as the Knicks failed to record a fast - break point all game long. There were very little differences in the stat sheet and it simply came down to the fact that the Magic's bench signicantly outplayed the Knicks bench. Orlando got 43 bench points to the Knicks 12 and that proved to be the difference. The Knicks came into this game as one of the hottest teams in the league, but struggled offensively in this matchup. This Scott Skiles defense stifled the Knicks, despite the fact that Carmelo Anthony and Jose Calderon scored season - highs in points. Anthony had his best game of the season statistically speaking, as he tallied 28 points and 13 rebounds in the loss. Calderon also had his best game in years, as he totaled 25 points, four assists and three rebounds in the defeat. It was the "others" who killed this team though, as no other player scored more than 10 points in the loss. It's clear that this team plays better when Anthony takes less shots and that was the fact yet again on Wednesday. The Knicks will play the Miami Heat on Friday in their next scheduled game. The Magic made a strange move by relegating Victor Oladipo to the bench, but that proved to work wonders here. It's unclear if it lit a fire under him or that he just played better in the second unit, but Oladipo had one of his best games of the season in that role. Oladipo scored a team - high 24 points off the bench and did that damage in just 26 minutes of action. Tobias Harris, Nikola Vucevic and Elfrid Payton all recorded double - doubles as well, and this was one of the best all - around team efforts the Magic have had all season. Orlando will look to play like this again when they take on the struggling Milwaukee Bucks on Friday.