The Memphis Grizzlies (5 - 6) defeated the Minnesota Timberwolves (5 - 5) 114 - 106 on Sunday. Second-year Timberwolves point guard Zach LaVine had several breakout performances during his rookie campaign after starter Ricky Rubio went down for the season. Early in the 2015 - 16 campaign LaVine has once again benefited from Rubio's injury troubles, and only foul trouble hindered him Sunday from potentially posting his best day as pro. LaVine tallied an incredible 25 points in just 17 minutes of court time, shooting 8 - for - 15 from the field, including 4 - for - 7 from three - point range. The scoring was LaVine's second highest total of the season, and would have shattered his high - water mark of 26 points had his time on the court not been curtailed. Another pair of dynamic young Timberwolves, Andrew Wiggins and 2015 first overall pick Karl-Anthony Towns, stepped up offensively in their own right to lead Minnesota. Wiggins amassed 21 points, while Towns (14 points, nine boards) came within a rebound short of a double - double for the second straight game. The Timberwolves also enjoyed an extremely balanced effort from their bench, with four players (Shabazz Muhammad, Andre Miller, Nemanja Bjelica, and Gorgui Dieng) all pitching with eight - point efforts. The Timberwolves fell to 5 - 5 and reside in fourth place in the Western Conference's Northwest Division. They now head to Miami for a Tuesday tilt versus the Heat. The Grizzlies received a much - needed offensive boost from a somewhat unlikely source Sunday, as Jeff Green reentered the starting lineup with rousing success. Green poured in 21 points over a season - high 35 minutes on impressive 7 - of - 12 shooting. Meanwhile, Mike Conley continued to claw back from the low point of his season, a four - point, 1 - of - 12 shooting performance last Wednesday versus the Warriors. Conley tallied his first 20 - point effort since Nov. 7, and chipped in seven assists and two steals. Frontcourt mates Marc Gasol and Zach Randolph had strong games of their own, with Gasol holding his own against the rookie sensation Towns to the tune of 16 points, seven rebounds, four assists, and a pair of blocks. Even new acquisition Mario Chalmers got into the act, pitching in 16 points off the bench over 18 minutes for his best game yet in a Grizzlies uniform. JaMychal Green also represented the Memphis reserves well, with a 12 - point outing. Memphis improved to 5 - 6 and resides in third place in the Western Conference's Southwest Division. They head home for a date with the Oklahoma City Thunder on Monday.