The Oklahoma City Thunder (44 - 37) defeated the Portland Trail Blazers (51 - 30) 101 - 90 on Monday at Chesapeake Energy Arena in Oklahoma City. The Thunder were able to keep their playoff hopes alive with the win over the Blazers. The New Orleans Pelicans also came out with a win on Monday, so both the Thunder and Pelicans remain tied for the eighth and final projected playoff seed in the West. The Pelicans own the tiebreaker though, so in order for the Thunder to get into the playoffs, they'll need a win of their own, as well as a Pelican's loss on Wednesday in the finale. The Trail Blazers, on the other hand, have locked up the fourth seed in the West. It's still up in the air who they'll end up having to play, but it could be either the San Antonio Spurs, Houston Rockets, Memphis Grizzlies or Los Angeles Clippers. Despite finishing with worse shooting percentages than the Blazers, the Thunder came out with a huge advantage on the boards, out - rebounding them 58 - 35. It was the duo of Enes Kanter and Russell Westbrook who helped keep the Thunder in playoff contention. Westbrook went 13 - for - 27 from the field and 2 - for - 5 from the three - point line to score a game - high of 36 points, to go along with 11 rebounds and seven assists. He's been absolutely phenomenal throughout the whole second half of this season and he continues to put all the pressure on his own shoulders here in the final stretch, as he's averaging a ridiculous 39 points, 7 rebounds and 7 assists over his last three games. Kanter, on the other hand, finished with 27 points (13 - 20 FG, 1 - 2 FT) and 13 rebounds over 36 minutes. Kanter has scored over 20 points in five of his last seven games, a seven - game stretch where he's averaging 21 points. Dion waiters (4 - 21 FG, 0 - 5 3Pt, 5 - 5 FT) and Anthony Morrow (4 - 10 FG, 2 - 7 3Pt, 1 - 2 FT) were the only other two players in double figures with 13 and 11 points respectively. Already heavily hit by the injury bug, this was another damaging game for the Blazers, as both Nicolas Batum and C.J. McCollum had to leave the game with injuries. McCollum went down with a nasty looking ankle injury, while Batum's leg appeared to buckle as he went down with a knee injury. It's an awful amount of bad luck for this Trail Blazers' team, who could now go into the playoffs very shorthanded. With Aldridge also sitting this game out due to a foot injury, it was Meyers Leonard who led this team while in the starting lineup. Leonard posted a season - high of 24 points (9 - 17 FG, 5 - 9 3Pt, 1 - 1 FT), while also adding four rebounds and a blocked shot over 32 minutes. He'll go into the season finale averaging 6 points and 5 rebounds in his second season as a pro. Damian Lillard did n't have his best showing of the season, posting just 10 points (3 - 9 FG, 1 - 4 3Pt, 3 - 4 FT) and six assists in the loss. After going off for 28 points in Saturday's game against the Jazz, it was a disappointing performance for Lillard, who will need to play much better in the playoffs if the Blazers want any shot at making it past the first round. Joel Freeland added 16 points (8 - 13 FG) and five rebounds off the bench, while Chris Kaman chipped in with 14 points (7 - 9 FG) and four rebounds. The Thunder's final game will be on the road against the Minnesota Timberwolves on Wednesday, while the Trail Blazers will travel to Dallas to play the Mavericks on Wednesday.