The Cleveland Cavaliers (20) took a 20 lead in their opening round series with the Boston Celtics (0 - 2) on Tuesday with a 99 - 91 victory at the Quicken Loans Arena. Unlike in Game 1 where Boston could n't hang with Cleveland for all 48 minutes, the Celtics hung close with the Cavaliers for the entirety of Tuesday's Game 2. The Celtics had a chance to cut the Cavaliers' lead to four with just under two minutes remaining, but Tyler Zeller's jumper was blocked by LeBron James. Cleveland proceeded to run the clock down thanks to some timely offensive rebounding from Tristan Thompson. LeBron James finished with 30 points, nine rebounds, and seven assists. During the game, James passed Jerry West for 7th on the all - time postseason scoring list. The series will head to Boston for Game 3 on Thursday, where Boston will look to avoid a nearly insurmountable 30 deficit. Boston battled throughout, but was ultimately unable to steal a game on the road. Isaiah Thomas was an offensive catalyst off the bench with 22 points to lead the team in scoring. Thomas also managed to get to the line with some frequency, going 10 - for - 10 from the charity stripe. The only other Celtic with more than two free throw attempts was Evan Turner, who was 3 - of - 4. There were some positives on the defensive end for Boston, however, as it forced 18 turnovers and held Cleveland to 24 percent from beyond the arc. If Boston can match that effort again on the defensive end in Game 3, it will give the Celtics a shot to extend the series to at least Game 5. Cleveland's stars were the story once again as LeBron James and Kyrie Irving combined for 56 of the Cavaliers' 99 points. That said, Tristan Thompson's impact off the bench can not be understated. Thompson finished with 11 rebounds, with six of those boards coming on the offensive end. Timofey Mozgov was also effective before fouling out with 16 points, seven rebounds, and five blocks. The Cavaliers will look to take a commanding 30 lead in the series Thursday in Boston.