The Miami Heat (36 - 26) defeated the Philadelphia 76er (8 - 54) 112 - 102 on Friday. As they've been prone to do on occasion this season, the Sixers give a considerably superior team trouble late into the game. The performance was even more surprising considering that it came on the road, and on a night where Philadelphia sported a depleted roster that was devoid of two of their most talented players. With Nerlens Noel (knee) and Jahlil Okafor (shin) sitting out, it was up to the likes of Ish Smith and Robert Covington to step up if Philadelphia was going to keep the game competitive. Both players answered the bell, tallying 26 and 25 points, respectively, which helped the Sixers impressively battle back from a 40 - 29 deficit after one quarter. Philadelphia even turned the tables on the Heat in the turnover department, doubling them up by eliciting 16 miscues from them while only committing eight themselves, less than half of their per - night average this season. Smith added eight rebounds, five assists and a steal to his team - leading point tally. Covington supplemented his scoring with five rebounds, three assists, a pair of steals and a block. Hollis Thompson drew the start at shooting guard, and contributed a solid 14 points, six rebounds, two assists, two steals and a block. Richaun Holmes, garnering some extra minutes off the bench with all of the injuries in the frontcourt, paced the reserves with 13 points, eight rebounds, two assists, a steal and a block. The Sixers remain in last place in the Eastern Conference's Atlantic Division, and have the worst record in the league. They head down to Miami for the second game of the home - and - home series against the Heat on Sunday. The Heat likely planned to give a much more abbreviated allotment of minutes to their front - line players going in, but all five members of the first unit ended up playing sufficient time to tally double - digit scoring. Dwyane Wade led the field with 21 points, eight rebounds, four assists, three steals and a block. Hassan Whiteside paced the bench and was also the second - highest scorer on the team, tallying 19 points, 19 rebounds, two assists and two blocks over 34 minutes. Goran Dragic continued his recent stretch of outstanding play with a 15 - point, 11 - assist double - double that also included five rebounds and a steal. Luol Deng posted a near double - double, registering 13 points, hauling nine boards and dishing out a pair of assists. Joe Johnson and Amar'e Stoudemire rounded things out with a pair of 12 - point efforts, with the former adding two assists and two steals, and the latter posting four rebounds and a steal. Miami remains atop the Eastern Conference's Southeast Division, and holds the fourth seed in the conference as well. They're home on Sunday to face off in a return match with the Sixers.