The Dallas Mavericks (34 - 33) defeated the Charlotte Hornets (37 - 29) 107 - 96 on Monday. In the midst of a five - game losing streak and with their grip on a Western Conference seed growing increasingly tenuous, Mavericks head coach Rick Carlisle decided to call an audible with his starting five against one of the hottest teams in the league. In to the first unit stepped Raymond Felton, sending Zaza Pachulia to the bench for the night. The rather unusual move worked, as Felton hauled in 12 rebounds in addition to contributing nine points, helping to lead Dallas to a much - needed victory that snapped the Hornets' seven - game winning streak. The Mavericks played stingy defense against a Charlotte team that had been essentially hitting on all cylinders, holding them to a 42 percent success rate from the field, and a 30 percent figure from three - point range. They also elicited 15 turnovers on the night from the home squad, and hung on for the win despite a furious Hornets comeback in the third quarter. Chandler Parsons led the way for Dallas with 24 points, nine rebounds, four assists, three steals and a block. Dirk Nowitzki was right behind him with a 23 - point, 11 - rebound double - double against the Hornets' vulernable frontcourt. He also added an assist and two blocks. Deron Williams pitched in 15 points, five assists, a steal and a block. Devin Harris and David Lee paced the bench with a pair of 12 - point efforts. The former also supplied two rebounds, an assist and a steal, while the latter pitched in with seven rebounds and a block. The Mavericks remain in third place in the Western Conference's Southwest Division, and have a hold of the seventh seed in the conference as well. They head to Cleveland to face off against the Cavaliers on Wednesday night. As customary, Kemba Walker spearheaded the Hornets' attack, tallying 25 points, nine assists, four rebounds, two steals and a block. He did, however, commit five turnovers, the sole blemish on an otherwise typically remarkable performance. Nicolas Batum followed with 20 points, seven assists, three rebounds, two steals and two blocks, although he also was guilty of four miscues. Marvin Williams continued his stretch of productive play at power forward, contributing 19 points, seven rebounds and a block. Courtney Lee registered 12 points, three rebounds and two steals. The Hornets are currently in third place in the Eastern Conference's Southeast Division, and are presently slotted in the sixth seed in the conference. They're home again on Wednesday night for a date with the Orlando Magic.