The Charlotte Hornets defeated the Indiana Pacers, 122 - 100, at Spectrum Center on Monday. The Hornets (5 - 1) improved their sterling start to the season with a blowout win against the strong conference opponent in the Pacers (3 - 4). The win extends Charlotte's streak to three games, but they did suffer a setback after Michael Kidd-Gilchrist left the game twice with back soreness. Kidd-Gilchrist returned to the floor after halftime, but his back flared up again and he'll now be questionable heading into Wednesday's contest against the Jazz. While the injury did not help the Hornets, it also had little impact on the outcome. Cody Zeller and Marvin Williams had the hot hand in the first quarter, as they both powered their team to an early 18 - point lead with 6:30 remaining in the first quarter. Paul George and C.J. Miles aided the Pacers in cutting that lead to nine points by the end of the first quarter, but Charlotte got back into their groove after pulling away by another 18 - point margin halfway through the second quarter. The story remained the same for the second half, as the Hornets spread the ball, and the scoring efforts, across nine different players. The Hornets saw nine players scoring in double figures on Monday, with Kemba Walker leading the way. The Charlotte point guard finished with 24 points, 10 assists, two rebounds, two steals and one block in an all around fantastic performance that included 7 - of - 11 shooting from the field. Walker buried five three pointers in the win to go along with his game leading stats. Before exiting, Kidd-Gilchrist was a perfect 4 - of - 4 from the field with 13 points, one board and one assist, while Marvin Williams and Cody Zeller pitched in with a combined 25 points and nine rebounds. The Pacers (3 - 4) simply could not get enough offense moving to match the Hornets pace, and have yet to pick up a win on the road. Paul George finished with 10 points, six assists and seven rebounds, while C.J. Miles had a standout performance off the bench with 23 points in 25 minutes. Both teams play at home on Wednesday, as the Pacers host the Philadelphia 76ers, while the Hornets welcome the Utah Jazz.