The Los Angeles Cippers (2 - 2) defeated the San Antonio Spurs (2 - 2) 114 - 105 on Sunday in game four of the first round of the Western Conference playoffs. After losing two games in a row and falling behind the Spurs 2 - 1 in the series, the Clippers did something that most thought might not be possible, they took home a victory on the road in San Antonio. The Spurs are known for being very tough to play at home in the playoffs, but the Clippers were able to get it done and regain home court advantage as they head home to Los Angeles for game five. The Clippers were the superior shooters in this outing, going 54 percent from the field and 28 percent from the three - point line, while the Spurs finished at 44 percent from the field and 24 percent from deep. It was Chris Paul who did most of the damage offensively for the Clippers. He went 11 - for - 19 from the field and 2 - for - 6 from the three - point line to score a game - high of 34 points, while also recording seven assists. He forced his way to the free throw line all game long, converting on all 10 of his free throw attempts. Paul shot just 27 percent to score seven points in Friday's game three loss to the Spurs, so it was a much needed confidence builder for the guard. Blake Griffin was also dominant in the win, finishing with 20 points (9 - 17 FG, 2 - 5 FT), 19 rebounds and seven assists. Griffin has recorded a double - double in all four playoff games so far, averaging 22 points and 13 rebounds during that stretch. The biggest surprise during this game was the strong bench play for the Clippers, which has n't been a strength for the majority of this season. In a postgame interview, Paul heaped praise on Austin Rivers. Rivers came off the bench for 16 points, as he shot nearly perfect from the field, going 7 - for - 8 from the floor over 17 minutes. Jamal Crawford also played well off the bench though, scoring 15 points (6 - 13 FG, 0 - 3 3Pt, 3 - 3 FT) in 28 minutes. He scored seven of those points in the fourth quarter, as he was a big help in closing out the win. The Spurs were down 14 points with three minutes left in the fourth. They were able to cut the lead down to eight with a minute and a half left, giving the home crowd some hope, but the Clippers were still able to close them out. The Spurs remained close in this game due to their frontcourt duo of Kawhi Leonard and Tim Duncan. Leonard finished with 26 points (10 - 19 FG, 3 - 6 3Pt, 3 - 4 FT), seven rebounds and five assists, while Duncan recorded an efficient 22 points (8 - 13 FG, 6 - 10 FT), 14 rebounds and three blocked shots. Duncan had only four points in their game three win over the Clippers, so he was able to have much more success this time around despite playing the very tough defensive bigs of the Clippers. Leonard has been very consistent with his impressive play during this series, as he's averaging 25 points during the first four games. Tony Parker has had to play through an Achilles injury over the past few games, but he was able to fight through the pain in this one and posted 18 points (7 - 15 FG, 0 - 3 3Pt, 4 - 8 FT), to go along with just one assist over 28 minutes. With Parker playing a smaller amount of minutes, Patty Mills saw some increased playing time off the bench, as he recorded 14 points, while shooting 4 - for - 10 from the field and 2 - for - 5 from the three - point line. These two teams will play again on Tuesday in Los Angeles for game five of this best - of - seven series.