The Los Angeles Clippers defeated the visiting Portland Trail Blazers, 115 - 95, in Game 1 of the Western Conference first - round playoffs Sunday at Staples Center. The opening games to the opening round of the 2016 NBA Playoffs closed with another rout, this time it belonged to the Clippers. Heading into the series, some analysts pegged the Blazers and Clippers series to be the toughest of the first round in terms of the Western Conference, but Chris Paul and Blake Griffin played fantastic basketball and handled Damian Lillard’s group with relative ease in Game 1. Los Angeles built upon a five point first quarter lead incrementally through the remainder of the game. The second half proved to be on the side of interminable length after Terry Stotts elected to foul DeAndre Jordan, and although the big man finished 8 - of - 18 from the charity stripe, the strategy failed after the Blazers shooters could not get a clean look at the basket. Portland was swarmed by Los Angeles, and even when they broke through the double team, they were unable to finish at the rim. Paul finished with 28 points, six rebounds and 11 assists on 10 - of - 19 shooting, while Griffin played the best game since returning from injury and contributed 19 points, 12 rebounds and six assists. Jordan had a block party while he patrolled the paint and added 18 points, 12 rebounds and four blocks. JJ Reddick played more inside the arc, but the strategy paid off, as he shot 8 - of - 12 from the floor on only three attempts from the three - point line on his way to 17 points in the contest. The Clippers shot 53 percent from the floor as a unit and outrebounded the Blazers 48 - 40 in the win. The prevention of Damian Lillard from heating up, in combination with C.J. McCollum’s inefficient shooting, put the game out of reach for Portland early in the second half. It seemed as though every pull up shot was contested and there was no easy way to get a bucket for Portland. Lillard finished with 21 points and eight assists, while McCollum could only pitch in nine points on 11 shots. Gerald Henderson showcased his athleticism, but even the acrobatic forward could found it tough to finish at the rim, as he added 16 points on 7 - of - 12 shooting in just under 30 minutes off the bench. Game 2 is scheduled for 7:30 PM Eastern Time on Wednesday in Los Angeles.