On opening night for both teams, the Hornets held off the Bucks 108 - 106 in overtime. Milwaukee got off to a hot start, shooting nearly 53 percent from the field en route to a 57 - 46 halftime advantage. A Brandon Knight-led run early in the third quarter pushed the lead up to 24 points, but the new - look Hornets would fight back. Charlotte outscored Milwaukee 32 - 15 in the final period, slowly chipping away at the lead by stifling the Bucks’ ballhandlers on the defensive end. Brandon Knight and Khris Middleton committed some key turnovers down the stretch, setting the stage for Kemba Walker’s heroics. Walker, who signed a four - year, $48 million extension Tuesday, converted a layup to bring the Hornets within two points with seven seconds to play. Then, after Middleton made 1 - of - 2 free throws, Walker came off a high screen and drilled a running three - pointer with less than two seconds remaining to send the game into overtime. A pair of Jabari Parker free throws gave the bucks the early overtime lead, but with the game tied at 106 with 16 seconds left, Charlotte again looked to Walker. He sized up Knight at the top of the key and connected on a tough, step - back jumper to give Charlotte a 108 - 106 advantage with five seconds remaining. Following a timeout, the Bucks were able to get Middleton an open look, but he misfired from the left wing as time expired. Knight led the way for Milwaukee, scoring 22 points (5 - 17 FG, 10 - 10 FT) to go with 13 assists and eight rebounds. O.J. Mayo added 17 points off the bench, and Parker chipped in eight to go with four boards. Middleton finished with 17 points and six rebounds. It was a tough Hornets debut for Lance Stephenson, who finished with just seven points on 3 - of - 12 shooting. However, he added eight assists and a team - high 13 boards. Walker led all scorers with 26 points, while Al Jefferson chipped in 14 to go with 10 rebounds. The Bucks now head back to Milwaukee to host the 76ers on Friday. Charlotte hosts Marc Gasol and the Grizzlies on Saturday.