The Atlanta Hawks defeated the host Milwaukee Bucks, 114 - 110, at BMO Harris Bradley Center on Friday. The recent form of these teams would indicate an easy Milwaukee win, but Atlanta made a huge comeback for a much needed victory. In fact, they trailed by 20 headed into the half and proceeded to outscore the Bucks, 70 - 46, over the final two quarters. Milwaukee actually led for over 42 minutes of this game, as Atlanta's only leads were in the first six minutes and final four minutes. The Hawks offense was extremely efficient, as they shot 48 percent from the field and assisted on 32 of their 40 made baskets. Atlanta (12 - 12) has really been struggling lately, but a comeback win like this could be the spark they need going forward. Dennis Schroeder was the catalyst of the comeback, as he dropped a career - high 33 points in the win. Paul Millsap was also huge, accumulating 23 points, 14 rebounds, six assists and three blocks. Tim Hardaway Jr. got a rare start and accrued 18 points, four rebounds and four assists in the win. Atlanta will be off until Tuesday, when they host the Orlando Magic for their next game. Milwaukee (11 - 10) has been playing some great ball recently, but heartbreaking losses like this are par for the course for such a young team. Giannis Antetokounmpo has carried this team on his shoulders all season long, but he totaled just 14 points, six rebounds and one assist, dealing with foul trouble throughout the game. Jabari Parker continued his great form though, tallying 27 points, four rebounds, four assists and three steals in the defeat. The other three starters combined for just 20 points, as the bench did everything they could to hold onto this game. In fact, Michael Beasley, Michael Brogdon, Greg Monroe and Jason Terry combined for 49 points, 18 rebounds and 13 assists on 20 - of - 35 shooting as the only four bench players to appear. Luckily for the Bucks, they return to action on Saturday in a road matchup against the Washington Wizards.