The Orlando Magic (20 - 17) defeated the Brooklyn Nets (10 - 26) 83 - 77 on Friday. Ever since he regained a spot in the starting lineup at point guard in Elfrid Payton's stead three games ago, Victor Oladipo has played with a renewed vigor and confidence.The talented guard has now posted 18, 20 and 20 points, respectively, over those three contests, while shooting an outstanding 60 percent from the field during that span. Oladipo was stellar again Friday, sharing the team lead with 20 points and adding nine rebounds, a pair of assists, three steals and a block. Considering his recent performances, the Magic will certainly have a good problem on their hands upon Payton's return to health from his ankle injury, as they'll be faced with trying to get a talented backcourt trio that also includes Evan Fournier sufficient playing time. Nikola Vucevic was Oladipo's co - leading scorer on the night with a 20 - point, 10 - rebound double - double that also included four assists, a pair of steals and a block. Unsurprisingly, the productive outing came against a Nets defense that has allowed the most points per game (22) to opposing centers this season. Fournier made it three starters with double - digit scoring by tallying 13 points, which he supplemented with three assists, a rebound and a pair of steals. Aaron Gordon had an efficient 14 - point, five - rebound effort off the bench over 23 minutes to lead the Orlando reserves. The Magic improved to 20 - 17 and are currently in second place in the Eastern Conference's Southeast Division. They head home to face the Wizards on Saturday. The Nets' ninth straight home loss was due in large part to the suffocating defense of an Orlando unit ranked in the top 10 in points allowed per game (99). They stymied Brooklyn across the board, with Brook Lopez serving as the top scorer with a modest 17 points. He added eight rebounds, a steal and a block. Joe Johnson continued his solid offensive play of late with a serviceable 13 points, three assists, three rebounds and a steal. Shane Larkin and Thaddeus Young were able to contribute 12 and 11 points, respectively, with the former also pitching in four rebounds, three assists and a steal, and the latter hauling in nine boards and matching Larkin's production in the other categories. Bojan Bogdanovic was notably held to two points, while Wayne Ellington scored eight to pace the Brooklyn bench. The Nets fell to 10 - 26 and remain in fourth place in the Eastern Conference's Atlantic Division. They head to Detroit to take on the Pistons on Saturday night.