The Los Angeles Clippers (7 - 7) defeated the Denver Nuggets (6 - 9) 111 - 94 on Tuesday. After outlasting the Kings in Sacramento 111 - 104 on Opening Night, the Clippers had dropped four straight road games heading into Tuesday. They also were losers of three straight overall, and the criticism had been seemingly mounting with each defeat. The Clippers gave themselves a respite from all of the negativity for at least one night, turning in a true team effort that saw all five starters and sixth man Jamal Crawford collect double - digit points, as well as three of the starting five post double - doubles. Blake Griffin bounced back from a season - low nine points on Sunday versus Toronto to fill out the stat sheet in impressive fashion. The All-Star power forward collected 18 points, 10 rebounds, four assists, a steal and a block in an encouraging, all - around performance. Chris Paul pitched in with 15 points, 10 assists, a pair of rebounds and three steals. Meanwhile, DeAndre Jordan was sent to the charity stripe an absurd 26 times by the Nuggets. Jordan converted 12 of those opportunities into points, matching Griffin for the team lead in scoring with 18 points overall. He added 11 rebounds, three assists, a steal and four blocks in one of his best games of the season. J.J. Redick had his second consecutive strong game by pouring in 16 points, while Wesley Johnson acquitted himself admirably in a spot start with 11 points, a pair of rebounds, an assist and a block. The Clippers evened their record at 7 - 7 and moved into a second - place tie with the Phoenix Suns in the Western Conference’s Pacific Division. They head home for a Wednesday tilt versus the Jazz. With Kenneth Faried (ankle) and his rebounding prowess absent for the night, Danilo Gallinari played like a man possessed on the defensive glass for Denver. The veteran forward hauled in a season - high 18 boards, while also posting 20 points. Like Jordan, Gallinari was a frequent visitor to the free - throw line, converting 16 of his 17 chances from the charity stripe. Nikola Jokic was effective once again at center with 16 points, six rebounds and a pair of assists over 24 minutes, as was Darrell Arthur in another start at power forward. The veteran was solid once again in Faried’s stead, collecting 11 points and five rebounds. Gary Harris pitched in 14 points and a trio of boards, leaving rookie Emmanuel Mudiay as the only Denver starter in the single digits in scoring (seven points) in a tough learning experience versus Paul. Nuggets’ sixth man extraordinaire Will Barton was notably held to a single point and three rebounds over 20 minutes, and was 0 - for - 6 from the field. The Nuggets fell to 6 - 9 and are currently in last place in the Western Conference’s Northwest Division. They remain home for a Friday showdown versus the Spurs.