The Golden State Warriors (26 - 1) held off the Milwaukee Bucks (10 - 18) to eek out a surprising 121 - 112 win on Friday. Most people had this pegged as a Warriors blowout in a revenge situation, but it was far from that. Milwaukee came out with some fire and took an early 12 - point lead going into the half and nearly held off the Warriors for an unlikely win. The Bucks made some lineup changes and the whole team played extremely well, shooting 60 percent from the field in the first half and 47 percent for the game. Both teams continually got to the free - throw line in the game as well, as the Bucks went 24 - for - 28 from the charity stripe while Golden State went 28 - for - 37. The Warriors really took it to them in the fourth quarter though, as they outscored them 36 - 19 to run away with the win. Milwaukee ended the Warriors 24 - game winning streak last week and appear to have the Dubs number. They got some great performances all - around, as seven players scored in double - figures. Greg Monroe made a shocking return to the lineup and flirted with a 10 point - 13 rebound - seven assist triple - double. Michael Carter-Williams also returned to the starting - five and tallied 24 points, four rebounds and four assists in the loss. This team has simply been bad this year and it's hard to figure why they play so well against the best team in the NBA. They'll look to build off this performance against the Phoenix Suns on Sunday in their next scheduled game. The Warriors just ca n't figure out this Bucks team and it's just one of those phenomenons that’s hard to understand. Steph Curry and Draymond Green both flirted with triple - doubles and carried the Warriors in their win. Curry accumulated 26 points, 10 rebounds and nine assists, while Green amassed 21 points, nine rebounds and eight assists. This was a close call, but the versatility and grittiness of this team is hard to match. Golden State will have a few days off until they host the Utah Jazz on Wednesday in their next game.