The Cleveland Cavaliers defeated the host Detroit Pistons, 101 - 91, to take a commanding 30 series lead Friday in the Eastern Conference first - round playoffs at The Palace of Auburn Hills. The last time Detroit hosted a playoff game was in 2009 and coincidently it also ended in a loss to the Cavaliers, who went on to sweep the Pistons in that first - round series. With this series now tilted at 30, the Pistons will need to lay it all on the line in the next game to avoid the fate as 2009. It was a close game for three quarters before Cleveland created some separation early in the fourth by opening up their first nine - point lead of the game; up 82 - 73. The Pistons managed to battle back, bringing it to a two - point game with 3:56 to go, but that would be as close as they would come, as the Cavs hit a couple of clutch three - pointers down the stretch to put the game out of reach. Kyrie Irving led the way offensively for Cleveland as he poured in 26 points (11 - 20 FG, 3 - 6 3Pt, 1 - 1 FT) and dished four assists, in 39 minutes. LeBron James did not have his best shooting night, going 8 - 24 from the field but still made a major impact with 20 points, 13 rebounds, seven assists and one blocked shot, in 43 minutes. Kevin Love added 20 points, 12 rebounds and two assists, while Matthew Dellavedova was the only other player to score in double digits for the Cavs, with 12 points. The Pistons once again had all five starters post double digits in the points column, however their bench was only able to contribute 14 points. They also limited themselves to only eight turnovers but struggled from beyond the arc, hitting 6 - 23. Reggie Jackson finished with 13 points, 12 assists, four rebounds and two steals, in 39 minutes, while Tobias Harris added 13 points, seven rebounds, four assists, one steal and one blocked shot, in 42 minutes. Andre Drummond was forced to sit the last six minutes as the Cavs elected to go with the hack - a - Drummond strategy. The fourth and possible final game of this series will take place in Detroit, on Sunday.