The Toronto Raptors (50) defeated the Oklahoma City Thunder (3 - 2) 103 - 98 on Wednesday at Chesapeake Energy Arena in Oklahoma City. After a back and forth battle over the first two quarters, the Raptors took a one - point lead into halftime. The Thunder then went off in the third quarter and gained some momentum, outscoring the Raptors 42 - 33 to take an eight - point lead. While the Thunder looked as if they were in control following that third quarter, the Raptors exploded in the fourth and pushed their way to a tough 103 - 98 victory on the road in Oklahoma City. Overall, it was a relatively sloppy game, with the two teams combining for a whopping 34 turnovers. DeMar DeRozan had the hot hand for the Raptors, finishing with a game - high of 28 points (7 - 18 FG), to go along with five rebounds and three assists. He constantly forced his way to the free - throw line, hitting an impressive 14 - of - 15 attempts on the night. DeRozan is on a hot streak right now, combining for 48 points over his last two games and has been a huge reason the Raptors are still undefeated. Kyle Lowry also did his part Wednesday, contributing 17 points (5 - 14 FG, 3 - 8 3Pt, 4 - 6 FT), four rebounds, and one assist. After averaging eight assists coming into this outing, it was quite uncharacteristic of Lowry to only dish out the one dime. His five turnovers also matched a season - high. Jonas Valanciunas double - doubled with 17 points (6 - 9 FG, 5 - 5 FT) and 11 rebounds over 29 minutes, which marked his second of the young season. The Thunder's superstar duo of Kevin Durant and Russell Westbrook did everything they could to push Oklahoma City to a win. Durant finished an impressive 10 - for - 18 from the field and 2 - for - 5 from the three - point line for 27 points, while also adding seven rebounds and four assists. Offensively, Durant has been unstoppable to start this season, scoring 25 points or more in four of five games. Westbrook, on the other hand, nearly recorded the unconventional triple - double with 22 points (8 - 21 FG, 3 - 9 3Pt, 3 - 4 FT), 16 assists, and eight turnovers. The 16 assists were a season - high for the guard, although the eight turnovers were as well, so it was n't all good. Enes Kanter had a big day as well, pitching in 15 of the bench's 22 points. The Raptors will next head to Orlando to play the Magic on Friday, while the Thunder will be on the road against the Chicago Bulls on Thursday.