The Brooklyn Nets (7 - 15) defeated the Philadelphia 76ers (1 - 22) 100 - 91 on Thursday for their second consecutive home victory. The story of the game turned out to be the two teams' big men, who both put together atypical performances as compared to their recent efforts. Sixers center Jahlil Okafor had endured a rough last two weeks, posting three lackluster performances before serving a two - game suspension earlier this month for off - the - court scuffles on Thanksgiving Eve. He then was relegated to the bench in his first game back Monday, and shot 3 - for - 14 from the field during an embarassing 119 - 68 beatdown at the hands of the Spurs. Thursday, Okafor came back with a vengeance, responding with a 22 - point, 10 - rebound double - double over 31 minutes. Meanwhile, Lopez got into foul trouble and therefore was limited to just 19 minutes, leading to his worst overall outing of the season. The eight - year veteran was held to single - digit scoring for the first time in the 2015 - 16 campaign, posting seven points, seven rebounds, an assist and a block during his limited time on the court. Okafor was actually the only starter for the visitors that was able to tally double - digit points, as the majority of support he received came from the bench in the form of T.J. McConnell and Richaun Holmes. McConnell collected 17 points and added a rebound, an assist and three steals, while Holmes managed double - digit scoring for the third time in the last four games (14 points). Nerlens Noel and Robert Covington could only pitch in a pair of six - point efforts, while Isaiah Canaan struggled through a 2 - for - 10 shooting night on the way to only four points. The one other bright spot in the starting five was Tony Wroten, who continued his comeback from January knee surgery by posting a season - high nine points, along with four rebounds, a pair of assists and a steal over 17 minutes. It was the third time in his three games this season that Wroten has increased his time on the court, as he works his way back to a starter's allotment of minutes. The Sixers dropped to 1 - 22 and remain in last place in the Eastern Conference's Atlantic Division with the worst record in the league. They head home for a date with the Detroit Pistons on Friday. The Nets used a 30 - 19 fourth quarter to come back from a 74 - 70 deficit entering the period. With Lopez spending large chunks of time on the bench, it was veteran big man Andrea Bargnani, making his return from a four - game absence due to a hamstring injury, that posted a season - high and game - high 23 points. Bargnani added six rebounds and an assist over a highly productive 23 minutes. Thaddeus Young was solid once again despite being without his customary frontcourt mate for a large part of the game, collecting his fourth consecutive double - double with 18 points and 11 rebounds. Bojan Bogdanovic pitched in with his second consecutive double - digit scoring game, amassing 10 points, three rebounds, and three assists, along with another pair of his trademark three - pointers. Like fellow reserve Bargnani, Shane Larkin also made significant contributions off the bench, tallying 14 points, six assists, four rebounds and a steal over an efficient and stat - sheet - stuffing 27 minutes. Brooklyn improved to 7 - 15 and remains in fourth place in the Eastern Conference's Atlantic Division. They remain home for a Saturday afternoon showdown against the Clippers.