The Oklahoma City Thunder (47 - 22) defeated the Philadelpia 76ers (9 - 60) 111 - 97 on Friday. The Thunder could have easily been tempted to think a playoff spot was in the bag coming into Friday night, considering that all they needed to do was take care of business against an overmatched Sixers squad. However, as has been the case on several occasions this seasons, Philadelphia proved to be a tough out for a considerable portion of the game against a vastly superior opponent. The Sixers hung with the Thunder well into the third quarter, and did get a boost with the return of Jerami Grant (concussion) to the starting five. The hapless home squad also turned the tables on the visitors in the turnover department, eliciting 20 from the Thunder and commiting only eight themselves. Ultimately, however, Russell Westbrook's league - leading 13th triple - double and Kevin Durant's double - double were too much for the Sixers, and helped lead Oklahoma City to victory. Durant finished with 26 points, 13 rebounds, six assists and a block, although he did account for a quarter of the turnovers for the Thunder. Westbrook was guilty of committing five miscues himself, but more than made up for it by supplying 20 points, 15 rebounds, 10 assists, two blocks and a steal. Steven Adams also tallied a double - double, which consisted of 12 points, 11 boards, three blocks and an assist. Enes Kanter paced the reserves with 16 points, seven rebounds and a block, although he handed the ball over to the opposition a team - high six times. The Thunder remain in first place in the Western Conference's Northwest Division, and currently hold the third seed in the conference as well. They hit the road again for a date with the Indiana Pacers on Saturday night. The Sixers' starters were led by Hollis Thompson's 16 points, which he complemented with four rebounds, three assists and a pair of steals. Grant pitched in with 15 points, seven rebounds, two assists and three blocks. Nerlens Noel managed a near double - double with 12 points, nine boards, two assists, a steal and two blocks. Isaiah Canaan registered 10 points, four rebounds, two assists and three steals. Nik Stauskas paced the reserves - - and the team as a whole - - with 23 points, four rebounds, three assists and three steals over 34 minutes off the bench. The Sixers remain in last place in the Eastern Conference's Atlantic Division with the worst record in the NBA. They're home again Sunday for a date with the Boston Celtics.