The Orlando Magic (15 - 11) defeated the Portland Trail Blazers (11 - 17) 102 - 94 on Friday. The Trail Blazers came into Friday's contest with one of the worst defensive frontcourts in the NBA, surrendering a league - worst average of 22 points and 17 rebounds to opposing centers. This troubling trend for Portland was on full display Friday, with the Magic's Nikola Vucevic tallying 25 points and 11 rebounds for his ninth double - double performance of the season. The Orlando center made a season - high 22 shot attempts, draining 12 of them for a solid 55 percentage from the field. Meanwhile, forward Tobias Harris pitched in with his own 25 - point double - double, and added 12 boards. Orlando completely dominated the contest down low, outscoring Portland by a resounding margin of 52 to 18 in the paint and outrebounding them 48 to 42. Portland was led by a valiant effort from C.J. McCollum, who drained 11 of 19 shots on his way to a game - high 27 points. The third - year pro added six assists and a pair of rebounds. Backcourt mate Damian Lillard was solid as well, although he slogged through an atypical 4 - for - 15 shooting performance. Lillard did tally 19 points, but it was a total that was significantly supplemented by the nine free throw attempts that he successfully converted. Al-Farouq Aminiu had his most prolific scoring night in nearly two weeks with 16 points, an amount he reached with the help of a season - high four three - pointers. Allen Crabbe paced the Portland bench with the only other double - digit scoring effort on the team, amassing 14 points and adding four rebounds and an assist. The Trail Blazers fell to 11 - 17 and remain in fourth place in the Western Conference's Northwest Division. They head to Miami to face the Heat on Sunday. In addition to Vucevic's and Harris' outstanding efforts, Orlando also enjoyed the benefit of a stat - sheet - stuffing evening from point guard Elfrid Payton. The second - year pro managed 19 points, six rebounds, three assists, a pair of steals and a block, while visiting the free throw line a season - high 17 times. Victor Oladipo was also outstanding off the bench, pouring 15 points and adding six assists, four rebounds, three steals and a block over a robust 35 minutes. The third - year pro was pressed into extended action after starting shooting guard Evan Fournier sustained a dislocated pinkie finger and thus was limited to only 22 minutes. The Magic improved to 15 - 11 and currently reside in third place in the Eastern Conference's Southeast Division. They remain home for a date with the Atlanta Hawks on Sunday.