The Detroit Pistons defeated the Charlotte Hornets, 112 - 89, at Spectrum Arena on Tuesday. The Pistons (9 - 10) checked in to Tuesday's contest with an unsightly 1 - 8 road record, a sharp contrast to the 7 - 2 mark they've compiled at the Palace at Auburn Hills. However, Tobias Harris took matters into his own hands, ensuring that Detroit would stop the bleeding away from home, at least for a night. He tallied a team - high 24 points and supplemented it with seven rebounds, two assists, two blocks and a steal. He was aided by a pair of 18 - point efforts from Kentavious Caldwell-Pope and Marcus Morris, which helped make up for a forgettable outing from Andre Drummond, who played just 13 minutes and scored three points on 1 - of - 6 shooting. Overall, the Pistons enjoyed one of their better shooting nights of the season, posting a 49 percent success rate from the field, while also limiting the Hornets (10 - 8) to sub - 40 percent tallies from both the field and three - point range. Caldwell-Pope added seven rebounds, seven assists, a steal and a block to his scoring total. Morris checked in with four rebounds and a steal in addition to his points. Ish Smith supplied 13 points, three assists, two rebounds and a steal, while Jon Leuer led the reserves with 12 points, seven rebounds, an assist and a steal. The Hornets found scoring to be at a premium throughout the night, with only three players across the entire roster managing double - digit points. Kemba Walker unsurprisingly led the way with 23 points, four assists, two rebounds, two steals and a block. Michael Kidd-Gilchrist was next with 10 points, four rebounds, a steal and a block. Cody Zeller registered a modest eight points but did haul in 10 rebounds. Nicolas Batum and Frank Kaminsky could only combine for 10 points, although Batum also brought in 11 boards and dished out five assists. Marco Belinelli paced the second unit with 11 points, two rebounds, two assists and a block. The Pistons continue on the road, as they face the Boston Celtics on Wednesday. The Hornets are off until Thursday, when they welcome the Dallas Mavericks to town.