The Cleveland Cavaliers defeated the Toronto Raptors, 121 - 117, at Quicken Loans Arena on Tuesday. The two teams had already engaged in a tight defensive battle in the second game of the season, with the Cavs emerging as 94 - 91 victors. Tuesday saw a completely different game unfold, with both teams exploding for some of their best point totals of the season. As usual, Cleveland (8 - 1) was led by the Big Three of Kyrie Irving, LeBron James and Kevin Love, who combined for 71 of the Cavs' 121 points, which included double - doubles from the latter two. Strong performances from Tristan Thompson and Channing Frye also helped lead to a stellar 53 percent team tally from the field. The Raptors (7 - 3) were led by Kyle Lowry, who posted a near double - double with 28 points, nine assists, five rebounds and four steals. DeMar DeRozan followed with 26 points, six rebounds, four assists and three steals, but struggled from the field, going just 10 - of - 27. Jonas Valanciunas compiled 14 points, nine rebounds and a pair of dimes. Norman Powell drew the start at small forward and contributed 12 points, three rebounds, three assists and a block. Terrence Ross paced the reserves with an 18 - point effort that he complemented with three rebounds and two steals. His impressive performance included a 4 - of - 7 tally from three - point range. James scored a team - high 28 points and added 14 assists, nine boards and a steal, but committed a game - high five turnovers as well. Irving supplied 24 points, five rebounds, four assists and two steals, although he also handed the ball to the opposition on five occasions. Love registered a 19 - point, 13 - rebound double - double that also included an assist and three blocks. Thompson got in on the act with 15 points, 11 boards and a block, while Frye paced the bench with 21 points in just 20 minutes. He also hit a huge three - point jumper with 59 seconds remaining that gave Cleveland a 117 - 115 lead that they would n't relinquish again. The Raptors head back home to take on the Golden State Warriors on Wednesday, while the Cavaliers hit the road for their own Wednesday night tussle with the Indiana Pacers.