The host Philadelphia 76ers defeated the Phoenix Suns, 120 - 105, at Wells Fargo Center on Saturday. These are two teams at the bottom of the barrel and the Sixers wanted to capitalize on one of their best opportunities for a win. They did just that, as they came out early with a 32 - 19 first quarter. In addition, they led for the entirety of the game, pulling out the rare wire - to - wire win. The Sixers' offense was very efficient, as they shot 52 percent from the field and assisted on 33 of their 45 made baskets. Their defense was n't bad either, as they held Phoenix to 42 percent from the field, 61 percent from the free - throw line and 29 percent from three - point range. Three-point shooting was especially decisive, with Philly going 17 - of - 35 and Phoenix going just 6 - of - 21. Phoenix (4 - 10) was traveling in the second half of a back - to - back set and it was clear they did n't have the legs here to compete. Eric Bledsoe did all he could though, accumulating 27 points, five rebounds and six assists in the defeat. Devin Booker was the only other starter in double figures, scoring 10 points on 4 - of - 13 shooting. Alan Williams recorded his second - straight double - double, scoring 12 points and grabbing 11 rebounds off the bench. Tyler Ulis had one of his best games as well, accruing nine points, four rebounds, five assists and five steals in the defeat. The Suns will stay on the road for their next game, as they face the Washington Wizards on Monday. Philadelphia (3 - 10) saw an opportunity to win here as a one - point underdog and they did n't let up. Joel Embiid played just 20 minutes, but led the team with a career - high 26 points and seven rebounds. Sergio Rodriguez flirted with a triple - double, accumulating eight points, eight rebounds and 11 assists. Nik Stauskas was a nice spark off the bench, dropping 21 points on 8 - of - 9 shooting. Dario Saric provided 10 points, seven rebounds and five assists of his own off the bench as well. On deck for Philadelphia is a home matchup against the Miami Heat on Monday.