The Cleveland Cavaliers defeated the visiting Atlanta Hawks, 104 - 93, in Game 1 of the Eastern Conference semifinals Monday at Quicken Loans Arena. Atlanta looked very much like the team that the Cavaliers had steamrolled in last season's conference championships after one quarter, as they were already staring at a 30 - 19 deficit. However, they came out for the second period with a renewed sense of purpose, which almost carried them to a significant upset. The Hawks had whittled the Cleveland down to 74 - 70 by that point, and found themselves with an 80 - 79 lead, their first of the game, after an Al Horford dunk of an alley - oop pass from Dennis Schroder with eight minutes remaining in regulation. After the teams traded the advantage on multiple occasions over the next few minutes, Atlanta took what would be its final lead at 88 - 87 on a Horford driving hook shot with 4 remaining. The Cavs then went on a 100 run that helped seal the victory, as it gave them an insurmountable 97 - 88 lead with 1:40 to go. The Hawks received an outstanding effort off the bench from Schroder, who tallied a game - high 27 points, and added six assists and three rebounds. It was an encouraging sign for Atlanta, who saw their valuable sixth man held to 6 points per game in last year's conference finals against Cleveland. Paul Millsap paced the starters with a 17 - point, 13 - rebound double - double that also included three assists, four blocks and two steals. Kent Bazemore continued his stellar stretch of postseason performances in a tough matchup against LeBron James, collecting 16 points, 12 boards, four assists and a pair of steals. Horford supplied 10 points, six rebounds, an assist, three blocks and two steals. The starting backcourt of Jeff Teague and Kyle Korver could only combine for 11 points, a meager total that Schroder helped offset with his remarkable performance. James paced the Cavs' attack with 25 points, nine assists, seven rebounds, five steals and a block. Kyrie Irving was right behind him with 21 points, eight assists, a rebound, two blocks and a steal. Kevin Love checked in with 17 points, 11 rebounds, an assist, a steal and a block. J.R. Smith registered 12 points, five rebounds, three assists and a steal. He encouragingly drained four of his seven three - point attempts as well. Tristan Thompson was productive in his start at center, producing eight points but hauling in 14 rebounds, handing out two assists and blocking a pair of shots. The two teams will reconvene at Quicken Loans Arena on Wednesday night for Game 2.