The Charlotte Hornets (30 - 27) defeated the Indiana Pacers (31 - 27) 96 - 95 on Friday. The entertaining back - and - forth affair featured solid ball security from both clubs, as well as stellar offensive performances on each side. Paul George led the Pacers' effort with 32 points, while Marvin Williams continued his outstanding campaign with a 26 - point effort for Charlotte. The highly competitive matchup between the two evenly - matched teams unsurprisingly came down to the final seconds, with Kemba Walker erasing Indiana's fourth - quarter comeback with a driving layup with just two seconds remaining. The Pacers' last gasp effort following the subsequent inbounds pass fell short, as Paul George missed an 18 - foot jumper at the buzzer. Williams added 13 rebounds, an assist, a steal and two blocks to his team - leading scoring tally. The remarkable performance notably represented the veteran's first game with more than 20 points and 10 boards since April 2012. Walker was right on his heels with his own double - double, consisting of 22 points, 10 assists, three rebounds and a steal. Cody Zeller amassed 14 points, five rebounds and a block. Al Jefferson paced the reserves while coming off the bench for the fourth straight game since returning from injury, totaling nine points, three rebounds, an assist and a pair of blocks. The Hornets are currently in third place in the Eastern Conference's Southeast Division, and hold the eighth seed in the conference as well. They travel to Atlanta for a date with the Hawks on Sunday afternoon. George nailed a 40 - footer to close out the first half as part of his team - high point total, and also supplied six rebounds, four assists, three steals and a block. Rookie Myles Turner had a difficult time defensively against Williams, but did turn in a solid 15 points and four boards. Monta Ellis was next in line with 14 points, six rebounds and a pair of assists, and George Hill followed him with 10 points, seven assists, six rebounds and a pair of steals. Jordan Hill led the reserves with a modest six points, five rebounds and an assist. Indiana is in third place in the Eastern Conference's Central Division at the moment, two percentage points behind the second - place Bulls, who are currently in action against the Atlanta Hawks. They hold the sixth seed in the Eastern Conference as well, and are home again Sunday versus the Portland Trail Blazers.