The Los Angeles Lakers (3 - 9) defeated the Houston Rockets (9 - 3) 98 - 92 on Wednesday at the Toyota Center in Houston. The Lakers have now won two games in a row, stealing a surprising four - point victory on the road in Houston. Without Dwight Howard, who sat out with a knee injury, the Rockets did n't have their usual presence inside the lane, and were out - rebounded 47 - 38. They also were out - scored 28 - 17 in the fourth quarter, as the Lakers closed out strong and sealed the victory. As always, the Lakers were led by their superstar Kobe Bryant. Bryant shot 10 - for - 28 from the field and a dismal 1 - for - 7 from the three - point line, but still scored 29 points, while adding seven assists. He got a boost in scoring from the free - throw line though, as he converted on 8 - of - 10. In his second game back from a thumb injury, Nick Young was able to put up solid numbers again. He scored 16 points off the bench, as he shot 6 - for - 15 from the field and 2 - for - 8 from beyond the arc. The Lakers frontcourt of Jordan Hill and Carlos Boozer were both big in the victory, with each posting a double - double of their own. Hill had 16 points and 10 rebounds, marking his fourth double - double in as many games. Boozer finished with 12 points and 13 rebounds, as he posted his second double - double in a row. For the Rockets, James Harden posted a very efficient 24 points (7 - 11 FG, 2 - 3 3Pt, 8 - 10 FT), while also handing out seven assists. He's now averaging 24 points, 7 rebounds and 7 assists on the year. Starting at point guard, Patrick Beverley was able to score 15 points, equaling a season - high for him. The Rockets received a big boost off the bench from Kostas Papanikolaou as well. He went 6 - for - 10 from the field and 4 - for - 7 from the three - point line to score 19 points, while also grabbing six rebounds. He's only reached double figures in scoring twice this year, so it was a nice surprise for the Rockets. Trevor Ariza was the only other player in double - digits, as he had 13 points and seven rebounds. The Lakers' next game will be on the road against the Dallas Mavericks on Friday, while the Rockets will be at home against the Dallas Mavericks on Saturday.