The Golden State Warriors (35 - 2) defeated the Sacramento Kings (15 - 22) 128 - 116 on Saturday. The Warriors extended their win streak to six games through excellent ball movement and selfless basketball, which has become a staple to their improved season. It was the fifth time over the last six games that Golden State eclipsed 30 assists in a game, as they passed their way to 35 total dimes. Stephen Curry is making the strongest case to defend his MVP title and led all scorers with 38 points, 11 assists and six rebounds on 12 - of - 21 shooting. Curry added eight more 3 - point shots to his NBA leading 162 treys. Klay Thompson is currently second amongst all deep threats, but was not nearly as effective as his backcourt partner, and finished 1 - of - 7 from behind the arc. Thompson was effective late in the game, hooking up with Andrew Bogut for some devastating backdoor cuts and added 15 points, four rebounds and six assists. Draymond Green is becoming accustomed to rounding out the box score, and although Green did not capture his ninth triple - double of the season, he did finish with 25 points, nine assists and four rebounds on 8 - of - 12 shooting in 34 minutes. Harrison Barnes was reserved to the bench and is being given slightly more minutes, as he eases his way back after missing 16 games with an ankle injury. The UNC product shot the ball much better in his 24 minutes, adding 10 points on 4 - of - 7 shooting. The Warriors will welcome the Miami Heat (22 - 15) on Monday. Sacramento mounted a late comeback to pull the game within striking distance in the 4th quarter to pad the 12 points loss, as DeMarcus Cousins found his stroke from beyond the arc. Cousins went 2 - of - 6 from 3 - point territory, but the two that fell came at clutch moments. The Kings’ star center scored 33 points, in addition to 10 rebounds on 12 - of - 27 shooting. Rudy Gay contributed on the scoring front and poured in 23 points in a game high 38 minutes, while Darren Collison and Marco Belinelli scored double figures off the bench. Willie Cauley-Stein (finger) was probable before the game, but suited up and added 10 points in nine minutes. The return of the Kings first round draft pick provides some extra depth, especially on the defensive end, for Sacramento moving forward. The Kings will take a few days off before hosting the New Orleans Pelicans (11 - 24) on Wednesday.