The Utah Jazz (8 - 7) held off the New Orleans Pelicans (4 - 13) 101 - 87 on Saturday. Utah had a 16 - point lead going into the fourth quarter and it's nearly impossible to beat this stingy defense with that sort of deficit. The rebounding was the big difference in the game, as the Jazz snatched 49 boards compared to 35 for the Pelicans. These are teams going in opposite directions and the Jazz proved tonight that good defense will always prevail. New Orleans came into this game as the worst defense in the NBA and the 101 points allowed is a significant improvement on those ugly numbers. It's still not good enough to win and it does n't look that great when you notice that Utah currently has one of the three - worst offenses in the league. New Orleans got a fantastic game out of Anthony Davis though, as he tallied 36 points, 11 rebounds, three blocks and two steals in the loss. The more amazing part about that game is that it's one night after being carried off the floor with a knee injury. What hurt the Pelicans on this night was the rest of the starters, as the four others combined for just 14 points, six rebounds, and five assists. That's almost a nearly identical line to what Ish Smith provided off the bench on Saturday as well, and the Pelicans simply need more from their other starters. New Orleans will have to take on another potent defense when they play the Memphis Grizzlies on Tuesday. The Jazz played this game without Derrick Favors and they did n't miss a beat. Favors missed the game for an unknown personal reason, but Trevor Booker filled - in spectacularly. Booker amassed 13 points, 15 rebounds, three assists, three blocks and two steals in the win. Alec Burks was also fantastic off the bench, as he led the team with 21 points and provided an additional five rebounds and four assists. This is a dominant defense, so when players like Booker and Burks can produce like this, they'll be tough to beat. Utah will play the undefeated Golden State Warriors on Monday in their next scheduled game and it should be a great test for this defense against the best offense in the NBA.