The Cleveland Cavaliers (38 - 14) defeated the Los Angeles Lakers (11 - 44) 120 - 111 on Wednesday. The new - look Cavaliers are certainly playing up in pace under new coach Tyronn Lue, but an unintended consequence of their more prolific offense has been increased vulnerability on defense. Cleveland has been giving opposing teams extra possessions under their more aggressive style, resulting in some uncharacteristic shootouts in recent games that have them looking a bit like Warriors East. Such was the case Wednesday, with the Lakers managing one of their best scoring hauls of the season. Both teams shot well from the field and behind the arc, but the Cavs were just a tad more effective and also took better care of the ball. Cleveland was guilty of only seven turnovers on the night, as compared to 11 for Los Angeles. The home squad also managed 51 percent accuracy from the field overall and 42 percent from three - point range, while the Lakers posted respective 44 and 46 percent tallies in those categories. The visiting Lakers were led by Louis Williams, who totaled 28 points, four rebounds, two assists and a block. The steady Jordan Clarkson was next in line with 22 points, seven assists, six rebounds and a steal. Kobe Bryant, making his final visit to Cleveland, compiled 17 points, six rebounds, three assists and a steal. D'Angelo Russell led the reserves with 15 points, three assists, two rebounds and two steals. The Lakers remain in last place in the Western Conference's Pacific Division. They're back in action for the first time after the All-Star break on Friday, February 19th at home versus the San Antonio Spurs. Kyrie Irving continued a recent stretch of outstanding play in leading the Cavs' attack, supplying 35 points, seven assists, three rebounds and two steals. LeBron James registered a double - double, amassing 29 points and dishing out 11 assists. He also hauled in seven boards and recorded a steal. Tristan Thompson got the starting call at center and contributed a double - double of his own, compiling 15 points, 13 rebounds, four assists and a block. Anderson Varejao paced the Cleveland bench with eight points and six rebounds. Cleveland heads into the All-Star break comfortably atop the Eastern Conference's Central Division. They get back on the court Thursday, February 18th in a home matchup with the Chicago Bulls.