The Sacramento Kings defeated the Boston Celtics, 108 - 92, on Wednesday at Golden 1 Center. The Kings (21 - 32) came into Wednesday's contest with a plethora of injuries, missing the likes of Rudy Gay (Achilles), Omri Casspi (foot) and Garrett Temple (hamstring). However, to make matters worse, DeMarcus Cousins picked up his 15th and 16th technical fouls a game prior, which prompted a one - game suspension, thus ruling out the team's best player. While the Kings were n't expected to even keep the game close, they fought through the adversity and picked up an impressive 16 - point win in front of their home crowd. Much of the credit can be given to Darren Collison, who blew up for 26 points, while shooting 12 - of - 21 from the field and 2 - of - 4 from the three - point line. To go along with the aforementioned points, Collison also added one rebound, five assists and four steals. Sacramento's bench also came up big, outscoring the the Celtics' reserves, 50 - 32. That included three double - digit scoring efforts from the likes of Ben McLemore (17), Willie Cauley-Stein (14) and Matt Barnes (14). As a team, the Kings shot 50 percent from the field and 40 percent from beyond the arc, which easily bested the Celtics' 40 percent and 31 percent success rates, respectively. Isaiah Thomas did everything he could to keep the Celtics (33 - 19) alive, posting 26 points (6 - 16 FG, 4 - 11 3Pt, 10 - 10 FT), four rebounds and seven assists. He did n't shoot the ball at a high clip, but he got it done at the free throw line, as he connected on all 10 of his attempts. The only other two starters to reach double figures were Amir Johnson and Al Horford, who posted 14 and 10 points, respectively. Perhaps it was the uncertainty of the opposing team, but the Celtics just could n't keep up with the injury - depleted Sacramento team. The Celtics were once again without Avery Bradley, who's now expected to miss the team's upcoming four - game road trip with a lingering Achilles injury. Up next, the Kings will remain at home to play the Atlanta Hawks on Thursday, while the Celtics will remain on the road with a trip to Portland, where they'll be taking on the Trail Blazers.