The Indiana Pacers defeated the Chicago Bulls 111 - 94 at Bankers Life Fieldhouse on Saturday. In a game between two Eastern Conference contenders, the Pacers looked like the far superior team in a wire - to - wire win. Indiana got off to a hot start, as they took a 40 - 19 lead early in the second quarter. Chicago played better after that, but the deficit was simply too large to overcome, as they seemingly could n't get the margin within single - digits after that. The assist - to - turnover ratio was the difference, as the Pacers recorded 27 assists to their 11 turnovers, while the Bulls handed out just 17 assists to their 16 turnovers. The Pacers shot 54 percent from the field, while holding the Bulls to just 43 percent on their end. Chicago (3 - 3) got off to a great start with three - straight wins, but have regressed to lose their last three games. Jimmy Butler was the lone starter to play well, as he totaled 16 points, two rebounds and two assists on 5 - of - 7 shooting. Bobby Portis was a bright spot in the blowout loss, as he tied the team lead with 16 points off the bench, with most of that coming in garbage time. Taj Gibson fell one point shy of a double - double, accumulating nine points, 12 rebounds and two blocks. Dwyane Wade struggled mightily, as he scored just four points on 1 - of - 9 shooting. Indiana (3 - 3) came into this game losing three of four, but this result never seemed to be in doubt after the first quarter. Jeff Teague had his best game in a Pacer uniform, scoring a team - high 21 points on 9 - of - 14 shooting with six dimes in the win. Paul George tallied 13 points, seven rebounds and three assists before being ejected in the third quarter for kicking the ball into the stands. C.J. Miles was great off the bench, scoring 20 points on 8 - of - 14 shooting. Both teams return to action on Monday, as the Pacers travel to Charlotte to play the Hornets, while the Bulls host the Orlando Magic. These teams have now split their two meetings and will face off one again on December 26 in Indiana.