The Golden State Warriors (140) defeated the Chicago Bulls (8 - 4) at Oracle Arena on Friday. Chicago fell short of playing spoiler to the Warriors perfect start, but came into Oracle Arena and played a tough and physical game that the score does appropriately reflect. Jimmy Butler led the way and scored 28 points, to go along with nine rebounds and seven assists on 52 percent shooting. Kirk Hinrich tallied 17 points, shot 3 - of - 4 from the 3 - point line and started in place of the injured Derrick Rose (ankle). Pau Gasol (14 points, 10 rebounds and five assists) and Nikola Mirotic (18 points, 10 rebounds and five assists), both finished with double - doubles to round out the all around effort from the Bulls. Chicago forced 16 turnovers, most of which in the first half, and continuously disrupted the flow of the Warriors offense. However, they were not able to contribute enough points off the turnovers, and shot 40 percent from the field as a unit. Golden State is within one win of tying the NBA record for best start to open the season. The Bulls were the final team of a brutal three game stretch that included wins over the Raptors and Clippers beforehand. Stephen Curry provided 27 points, 17 of which came in the second half, to go along with five rebounds, four assists and four steals on 9 - of - 20 shooting. Harrison Barnes was once again hitting clutch shots down the stretch and tallied 20 points and nine rebounds on 7 - for - 13 shooting in 31 minutes. Klay Thompson shot an efficient 50 percent from the field, scoring 15 points, and Andre Iguodala added 12 points off the bench in 28 minutes played. Draymond Green continues to flourish in the Warriors offense and finished with nine points, nine rebounds and five assists. Leandro Barbosa and Shaun Livingston returned to the lineup after sitting out against the Clippers on Thursday. The Warriors look to extend their perfect season when they visit the Denver Nuggets (6 - 7) on Sunday, while the Bulls will get three days off before visiting the Portland Trail Blazers (6 - 9) on Tuesday.