The Washington Wizards (38 - 40) defeated the Brooklyn Nets (21 - 57) 121 - 103 on Wednesday. The Wizards announced earlier in the day that John Wall would miss the game to rest a sore right knee, particularly relevant considering the must - win situation that Washington found itself in to keep their playoff hopes alive. As it turned out, they got by just fine without their All-Star against a Nets squad that was undermanned in its own right. Ramon Sessions stepped in to the starting five and the offense never skipped a beat, as he managed an 18 - point, 13 - assist double - double that also included a trio of rebounds. Despite the victory, the Wizards still depend on other teams for assistance to sneak into the playoffs, but must keep winning regardless to be able to take advantage of any help they might receive. The Nets were paced by another stellar performance by Thomas Robinson, who tallied 23 points, 10 rebounds and four assists. Wayne Ellington was next among the starters, managing 14 points, four rebounds and an assist. Although no other starter recorded double - digit scoring, Shane Larkin did fill out the stat sheet with nine points, eight rebounds and a block. The reserves enjoyed a productive night as well, with three players managing double - digit points. Sean Kilpatrick paced the bench with 15 points, a rebound and an assist. Markel Brown supplied 13 points, two assists and a rebound, while Chris McCullough pitched in with 10 points, three rebounds, an assist, five steals and a block. Brooklyn remains in fourth place in the Eastern Conference's Atlantic Division. They head to Charlotte to face the Hornets on Friday night. It was standout night for the Wizards backcourt overall, as Bradley Beal paced all scorers with 25 points, five assists, three rebounds, a steal and a block. Marcin Gortat posted a 16 - point, 12 - rebound double - double that also included an assist and four blocks. Otto Porter, Jr. registered 15 points, six rebounds, three assists and two blocks. Nene Hilario led the reserves with 13 points, seven rebounds, two assists, a steal and two blocks. Garrett Temple made his presence felt off the bench as well, filling out the stat sheet with 10 points, six rebounds, six assists and three steals. Washington remains in fourth place in the Eastern Conference's Southeast Division, but remains 4 games behind the eighth - seeded Pistons, who also won Wednesday. They face off with the Pistons in Detroit on Friday night.