The Portland Trail Blazers (16 - 24) defeated the Oklahoma City Thunder (26 - 12) 115 - 110 on Sunday. The Thunder shot the ball more efficiently than the Blazers and looked to rip off a strong run behind the highest scoring duo in Russell Westbrook and Kevin Durant, but the high power offense came up just short, as Damian Lillard drained back - to - back 3 - pointers late in the 4th quarter. While Durant was heating up, primarily on strong ball movement lead by Westbrook, the Thunder tried to pull away by double - digits in the 3rd and 4th quarters, but the Blazers simply hung around for long enough to turn the momentum in their favor. Oklahoma City received almost the entirety of their offense from the starters, as the bench provided a lowly 16 points combined from Dion Waiters, Enes Kanter and Cameron Payne. Kevin Durant led the Thunder with 28 points, to go along with six rebounds and four assists, while Russell Westbrook added 25 points, 15 assists (10 dimes in the first half) and nine rebounds. Steven Adams hauled in a double - double, as he contributed 17 points and 10 rebounds, while Serge Ibaka and Andre Roberson finished in double - figures to round out the starting five. Billy Donovan did not rely on his bench and only Dion Waiters eclipsed 20 - plus minutes on a reserved role, as the starters all played 30 - plus minutes in the contest. The Thunder will continue their road trip when they visit the Minnesota Timberwolves (12 - 26) on Tuesday. Damian Lillard did not back down from the difficult matchup against Russell Westbrook, and knocked down the game tying and go ahead 3 - pointers to earn the comeback win. The Blazers were battling uphill throughout the majority of the game and it came behind sub - 40 percent shooting through three quarters of play. The 4th quarter was an entirely different story, and when Lillard gets a hot hand, he can be one of the deadliest deep ball shooters in the league. The all star point guard finished with 31 points on 9 - of - 18 shooting (8 - of - 14 from 3 - point territory), to go along with seven rebounds and nine assists. C.J. McCollum poured in 22 points to aid the scoring, adding four 3 - pointers of his own. Mason Plumlee pitched in 11 points and 11 rebounds, while Allen Crabbe and Ed Davis (knee) contributed double figures from the bench. Portland has been one of the bigger surprises this season, after many predicted them to have one of the league’s worst records after the departure of LaMarcus Aldridge, the Blazers improved to 9 - 9 at home and are approaching 20 wins before the all - star break. The Blazers will host the Utah Jazz (17 - 20) on Wednesday.