The Miami Heat (10 - 5) defeated the New York Knicks (8 - 9) 97 - 78 on Friday. Gerald Green's first season in a Heat uniform has been anything but dull. The veteran has managed to overcome recent personal problems to serve as an integral part of the Miami bench, as well as a terrific spot starter. Green filled in at small forward for Luol Deng for a second consecutive contest and propelled the Heat to a road victory with a team - high, game - high, and season - high 25 points. The particularly remarkable aspect of his performance was the fact that Green had only tallied only 5 points by intermission. However, a second - half offensive barrage that included three of his four three - pointers on the night helped Miami significantly extend what had been a razor - thin 50 - 49 halftime lead, and cruise to an eventual 21 - point win. Green's effort was complemented nicely by Chris Bosh, who managed 20 points, five rebounds, three assists and a block. Dwyane Wade pitched in with 17 points, five rebounds and a trio of assists. Hassan Whiteside had his worst shooting night of the season, going only 1 - for - 6 from the field, making it his first single - digit scoring night in over two weeks and only the fourth game in which he has scored under 10 points. However, the standout center did haul in 14 boards, the third consecutive game in which he's hit double - digit rebounds. Rookie Justice Winslow received a robust 35 minutes off the bench, and although he was n't terribly efficient with them, he did round out the stat sheet nicely. The Heat's 2015 first - round pick finished with nine points, seven rebounds, an assist and a steal. The Heat improved to 10 - 5 and are in possession of first place in the Eastern Conference's Southeast Division. They remain home for a date with the Celtics on Monday. The Knicks were thoroughly stymied by Miami's suffocating defense, shooting only 38 percent from the field for the game and barely seeing two of five starters crack double - digit scoring. Carmelo Anthony was one of those players, but the superstar small forward could only muster 11 points, three rebounds, an assist and a steal over 34 minutes. It tied the veteran's season - low scoring total, which he'd posted in the opener versus Milwaukee. Kristaps Porzingis matched Anthony's 11 points and added eight rebounds, two steals and three blocks. Robin Lopez, Arron Afflalo and Jose Calderon-the rest of the starting five - - only totaled eight points between them. Reserve forward Kevin Seraphin was the only other New York player to reach double figures, tallying 10 points, three rebounds and an assist over a very efficient 17 minutes. The Knicks fell to 8 - 9 and currently reside in third place in the Eastern Conference's Atlantic Division. They remain home for a date with the Rockets on Sunday.