The Boston Celtics (39 - 42) defeated the Toronto Raptors (48 - 33) 95 - 93 on Tuesday at the TD Garden in Boston. Down two points with just over 10 seconds left in the game, Kyle Lowry brought the Raptors back to tie the Celtics after a driving layup. It was the Celtics who came out with the last laugh though, as Jae Crowder hit a clutch jump shot with just under a second left in regulation to pull out the victory. It was a solid victory for the Celtics, as they're now going to go into the playoffs as the seventh seed in the Eastern Conference standings, meaning they'll take on the Cleveland Cavaliers during the first round. The Raptors, on the other hand, moved down into the fourth seed in the East, a game behind the Chicago Bulls, which would mean they could end up playing the fiffth - seeded Washington Wizards in their first playoff matchup. It was the duo of Avery Bradley and Evan Turner that had the biggest impact in securing the win Tuesday. Turner nearly came out with a triple - double, finishing with 14 points (7 - 14 FG), seven rebounds and nine assists. It was n't all good for the forward though, as he did record seven turnovers as well. He's combined for 29 points and 14 assists over his last two games, and he'll need to continue to play well if the Celtics want any chance at pulling off an upset during the playoffs. Bradley recorded 14 points (5 - 11 FG, 1 - 5 3Pt, 3 - 3 FT) of his own, to go along with three rebounds and two assists, but he ended up suffering a left quad contusion and was forced to leave the game. He'll likely sit Wednesday's finale out in order to get healthy for their first playoff matchup. Brandon Bass and Tyler Zeller were the other two starters in double figures. Bass finished with 13 points (4 - 11 FG, 0 - 1 3Pt, 5 - 5 FT) and nine rebounds, while Zeller added 12 points (5 - 11 FG, 2 - 2 FT) and eight rebounds. For the Raptors, Kyle Lowry went 6 - for - 20 from the field and 2 - for - 4 from the three - point line to match a team - high of 16 points, while also recording six rebounds and four assists. Lowry has really struggled with his shot lately, combining to go just 9 - for - 34 from the field over his last two games, so he really needs to get things turned around if the Raptors want to have some success in the playoffs. Despite struggling with his shot similar to Lowry, Louis Williams still posted 16 points (3 - 13 FG, 0 - 4 3Pt), as he was able to get to the free throw line 11 times, while converting on 10 - of - 11. Williams continues to be a great offensive option off the Raptors' bench, averaging 21 points over his last six games. Jonas Valanciunas nearly came up with a double - double, posting 10 points (4 - 8 FG, 2 - 4 FT), eight rebounds and two blocked shots, while Greivis Vasquez chipped in with 11 points (4 - 7 FG, 3 - 6 3Pt), five rebounds and seven assists. The Celtics will close out the regular season on the road against the Milwaukee Bucks on Wednesday, while the Raptors will be at home against the Charlotte Hornets on Wednesday.