The Los Angeles Clippers defeated the Memphis Grizzlies, 99 - 88, at FedEx Forum on Friday. The Grizzlies (3 - 3) typically make their opponents grind for every point, and Friday was no different. The Clippers (4 - 1) struggled for the second straight game, with one notable exception. Chris Paul supplied a team - high 27 points, while also dishing out a season - best 11 assists and notching six steals for a second consecutive contest. The scoring total was greatly aided by a game - high 15 trips to the free - throw line, with Paul parlaying all but one into points. With the other four members of the first unit combining for just 36 points and the team posting 38 percent and 30 percent success rates from the field and three - point range, respectively, the All-Star guard's contributions were particularly essential in securing the road victory. Blake Griffin was second behind Paul with a 14 - point, 10 - rebound double - double, and he added two assists and a steal. J.J. Redick posted 12 points, a rebound and two steals. While DeAndre Jordan poured in just six points, he hauled in a season - high 21 boards, 15 of which came on the defensive glass. Although no one bench player stood out, the reserves combined for a solid 36 points, helping to supplement the scoring total overall. Memphis received a season - high 30 points from Mike Conley, which he supplemented with 10 assists, two rebounds, a steal and two blocks. Marc Gasol was the only other member of the first until to hit double digits in the scoring column, posting 21 points, nine rebounds, four assists, two blocks and a steal. James Ennis supplied nine points and 11 boards, along with two assists, a steal and a block. Zach Randolph nearly managed a double - double while pacing the bench, collecting 15 points, nine rebounds and two assists over 28 minutes. The Clippers head to San Antonio to take on the Spurs on Saturday night, while the Grizzlies remain home to await the Portland Trail Blazers for a Sunday afternoon tilt.