The New York Knicks snapped a six - game losing streak as they defeated the host Milwaukee Bucks 116 - 111, at BMO Harris Bradley Center on Friday evening. The Knicks (17 - 19) used a monstrous fourth quarter, including an 80 run in final two minutes in order to take a five - point lead and earn their revenge against the Bucks (18 - 17), who had defeated them in the first game of this home - and - home series, in new York earlier this week. Jeff Hornacek decided to go with his gut and roll with rookie point guard Ron Baker in the fourth quarter, while leaving Derrick Rose and Brandon Jennings on the bench. Baker finished with four assists and zero turnovers, as he helped fuel a 33 - 15 fourth quarter that saw the Knicks take their first lead since they led 34 - 33 early in the second quarter. Carmelo Anthony went cold near the end of the game, missing 6 - of - 7 shots but totally made up for it as he hit a three to give the Knicks the 112 - 111 lead with 51 seconds left. Joakim Noah and Kristaps Porzingis both fouled out in the final few minutes but Kyle O'Quinn and Lance Thomas came in to pick up right where the big men left off. Melo was the high - point man for New York, with 26 points to go along with 10 assists and six rebounds, while Porzingis followed up with 24 points, six rebounds and three blocks. The Knicks will be right back in action on Saturday, as they head to Indiana to take on the Pacers. Meanwhile, the Bucks saw their three - game win streak come to an end despite, a combined 50 points from Giannis Antetokounmpo and Jabari Parker. Giannis added five blocks, six rebounds, two assists and two steals, while Parker added five assists and four steals. Greg Monroe was solid in 28 minutes off the bench, as he poured in 19 points, along with seven rebounds and four assists, in his fourth consecutive game scoring in double digits. The Bucks shot 50 percent from the field, including 55 percent from long range but were not able to hang on for the full 48, as the Knicks surged back to get their revenge. The Bucks go on to host the Wizards on Sunday afternoon.