The Sacramento Kings (19 - 23) defeated the Atlanta Hawks (26 - 18) 91 - 88 on Thursday night. Both teams came into this game in the midst of three - game winning streaks and both teams came in on the back end of a back - to - back set. It was clear there were some tired legs out there, as the shooting was off with a much lower score than anticipated. Both squads combined to shoot well under 40 percent from the field with the two teams combining to go 15 - for - 57 from three - point range while committing 19 turnovers each. What ultimately got Sacramento their win was an 180 run in the third quarter in which the Hawks went nearly six minutes without scoring. Atlanta was able to fight back and get it to a tied ball game, but still couldn’t prevail late. Another huge key was the rebounding, as the Kings snatched down 56 boards to the Hawks 42. This snapped a 15 - game winning streak for Atlanta over Sacramento, which was one of the longest current streaks in the NBA. Atlanta has been struggling with their frontcourt defense all season and that became another huge issue tonight. It's one thing to allow DeMarcus Cousins to have a monster game, but allowing a rookie like Willie Cauley-Stein to record a double - double as well is unacceptable. No Hawks player had a great game tonight aside from Paul Millsap, who tallied 14 points, 14 rebounds, three assists, five steals and four blocks in another spectacular all - around game. Millsap looks poised to make the All-Star team this year ad it's because of his ability to stuff the stat sheet like he did tonight. Jeff Teague has had a down year by his standards and he struggled yet again here, as he shot 2 - for - 8 while amassing just four points and four assists in the loss. In fact, he was benched for long stretches of this game, including the majority of the fourth quarter. Atlanta gets a much needed day off on Friday and then they get a good matchup against the Phoenix Suns on Saturday in their next game. Sacramento has quietly been one of the best teams in the west over the last two months and wins like this show why. They now have wins over the Hawks, Los Angeles Clippers and Oklahoma City Thunder over their last three weeks and that's indicative of how much they have improved over recent weeks. DeMarcus Cousins has been the best player in the world in that stretch and he continued it here, by recording 24 points, 15 rebounds, five assists and three steals in the win. All five starters scored in double - figures and that's a great sign with Rudy Gay sitting out this game with a heel injury. Rajon Rondo didn’t shoot well, but he did accumulate 11 points, 10 rebounds and 11 assists in yet another triple - doubling performance. Sacramento will look to extend their winning streak to five games on Saturday against the Indiana Pacers.