The Brooklyn Nets (5 - 13) defeated the Phoenix Suns (8 - 10) 94 - 91 on Tuesday. Brook Lopez has been the one dependable source of offense for the Nets in a dismal first quarter of the 2015 - 16 campaign. Brooklyn's big man has tallied double - digit points in every game, and was the top scoring center in the league entering Tuesday's contest (20 points per game). Lopez spearheaded the offensive cause once again versus the Suns, collecting 23 points and adding six rebounds, two assists and a block. Even on a night where frontcourt partner - in - crime Thaddeus Young had a down game by his standards, Lopez demonstrated the ability to once again put the offense on his shoulders and carry the Nets to a second consecutive victory. The visiting Suns enjoyed solid performances from three of their starters, but saw a couple of their more talented scorers trudge through poor performances. Brandon Knight scored a game - high 26 points, and added seven rebounds and four assists. It marked the Phoenix point guard's third game in the last four where he's totaled 21 points or more. Backcourt mate Eric Bledsoe had a quiet first half, but came on in the third and fourth quarters to finish with 17 points, seven assists, a a pair of rebounds and four steals. Meanwhile, Alex Len turned in an outstanding performance while making his second start in place of Tyson Chandler (hamstring), posting a 13 - point, 14 - rebound double - double, and filling out the stat sheet with a pair of assists, a pair of steals and three blocks. However, starting power forward Markieff Morris and high - usage reserve T.J. Warren could only muster six - point performances each, leaving a sizable void in the Suns' offensive effort. Mirza Teletovic did post another strong outing to lead the Suns' bench, collecting 12 points and five rebounds in his third consecutive game with double - digit points. The Suns fell to 8 - 10 and currently reside in third place in the Western Conference's Pacific Division. They head to Detroit to face the Pistons on Wednesday. Jarrett Jack supported Lopez as the only other double - digit scorer in Brooklyn's starting five, stuffing the stat sheet with 11 points, eight assists, four rebounds and three steals. The last swipe was the most timely of the three, as Jack was able to take the ball from Knight as time expired to prevent the Suns' point guard from attempting a game - tying three - point shot. Young pitched in eight points, four rebounds and a pair of assists for only his second single - digit scoring night of the entire season. Impressive rookie Rondae Hollis-Jefferson (eight points) and veteran Joe Johnson (nine points) made modest contributions, although the former did add nine rebounds. Shane Larkin and Wayne Ellington paced the Brooklyn bench with a pair of 11 - point efforts, and made key contributions in the victory by scoring six and seven, respectively, in the final period. The Nets improved to 5 - 13 and currently reside in fourth place in the Eastern Conference's Atlantic Division. They've now won four straight home games and make the short trip to face the Knicks on Friday.