The Memphis Grizzlies (21 - 18) slid past the Boston Celtics (19 - 18) 101 - 98 on Sunday. Avery Bradley returned for Boston after missing the past three - plus games with a hip injury, and was immediately reinserted into the starting lineup. The six - year pro's outstanding defense and improved shooting have certainly been key to many a Celtics victory this season, and Bradley put together a solid effort in his return. The 25 - year - old managed 14 points, two rebounds and two steals over a robust 38 minutes, but notably came up empty with respect to his trademark three - pointers. His third and final missed attempt of the night from beyond the arc was the most crucial, as Bradley failed to drain a 26 - foot three - point jumper at the buzzer that would have sent the contest into overtime. Isaiah Thomas almost single - handedly was too much for the Grizzlies, as he posted a game - high 35 points, three rebounds, eight assists and a steal. He also tallied 10 of his points in the fourth quarter. Like Bradley, Amir Johnson also pitched in 14 points, and added nine rebounds, four assists and a block. Jae Crowder with the other Celtics starter with double - digit scoring, managing 10 points, a pair of rebounds, a pair of assists and four steals. Jared Sullinger led the reserves with 11 points, four rebounds and a steal. Boston fell to 19 - 18 and remain in second place in the Eastern Conference's Atlantic Division, now four games behind the first - place Toronto Raptors. The Celtics next head to New York for Tuesday showdown versus the Knicks. The Grizzlies once again were without the services of their starting backcourt, as Mike Conley and Courtney Lee remained sidelined with Achilles and hip injuries, respectively. As has been the case recently, it was a backup that spearheaded Memphis' offensive charge, as Zach Randolph took advantage of the Celtics' vulnerable frontcourt with a 25 - point, 13 - rebound double - double that also included a pair of assists, a steal and a pair of blocks. It was the 15 - year veteran's third performance of over 20 points in the last four games, and his second double - double over that span, with Randolph having come off the bench in all of those contests. Mario Chalmers was next in line with an outstanding 18 - point, five - rebound, four - assist performance in Conley's stead that included an 11 - for - 13 tally from the free - throw line. Four of those buckets from the charity stripe came in the fourth quarter, when the Grizzlies managed to overcome the 76 - 68 deficit they'd entered the period with. Tony Allen was also highly efficient in his second start in place of Lee, posting a 15 - point, 10 - rebound double - double that also included a pair of steals and a block. Not to be outdone, Marc Gasol poured in 11 points and hauled in 11 boards, with almost half his scoring haul (five points) coming during the Grizzlies' comeback in the final period. Matt Barnes came just one rebound shy of joining the double - double parade himself, registering 12 points, nine boards, a pair of assists and a pair of blocks. Memphis improved to 21 - 18 and currently resides in third place in the Western Conference's Southwest Division. They await the Houston Rockets for an intra - divisional showdown on Tuesday.