The Golden State Warriors (33 - 2) rolled over the Los Angeles Lakers (8 - 28) 109 - 88 on Tuesday night. In a game that was a major mismatch on paper, there wasn’t much fight from the big underdog. The starters for the Warriors dominated in the first and third quarters, as they outscored the Lakers 67 - 38 in that 24 - minute stretch. Usually the Warriors win by outscoring teams, but they played some of their best defense of the season here. The Lakers shot just 32 percent from the field and 24 percent from long distance. This game was well out of hand early and mismatches like this are ugly to watch for NBA fans. Not many teams can keep up with Golden State and especially not the Lakers. The Warriors blitzed them in the first quarter and then hit them even harder coming out after the half time. Klay Thompson was the star of the show, as he scored 22 first quarter points and finished the game with 36 in total. Steph Curry had to leave this game in the third quarter after re - aggravating his shin injury and Warriors fans have to be concerned at this point with hs continuous distress. After getting three - straight triple - doubles, Draymond Green had a subpar outing, by scoring just nine points while grabbing 12 rebounds in the win. Golden State has a few days off until they play the Portland Trail Blazers on Friday in their next game. The Lakers came into this game with a miraculous three - game winning streak, but left with a blowout loss in an expected scenario. Considering the spread was at 15 points coming in, the final scoreline doesn’t look as bad. Only one Lakers player scored more than 11 points, as everyone struggled to find their shot. Jordan Clarkson was the only bright spot, as he scored a team - high 23 points in just 29 minutes of action. They did have to play this game without Kobe Bryant and D'Angelo Russell, but the result likely would have been the same even if those two played. Los Angeles will look to bounce back in their next game against the surging Sacramento Kings on Thursday.