The Golden State Warriors defeated the visiting Cleveland Cavaliers, 104 - 89, in Game 1 of the NBA Finals at Oracle Arena on Thursday. The Warriors came away with a defining double figure victory, but it was not on the back of Stephen Curry and Klay Thompson, instead, the spotlight belonged to the bench, who stepped up in the absence of the superstars. While Curry and Thompson have a tremendous effect on gameplan and matchups while they are on the floor, it was Andre Iguodala, Shaun Livingston and Leandro Barbosa who lead Golden State on both ends of the floor. The Cavaliers led for all of the first minute of the game, and did not reclaim a lead until late in the third quarter, however, Golden State hounded LeBron James, Kyrie Irving and Kevin Love and made every shot difficult to get off. Draymond Green and Iguodala were a nightmare for LeBron James inside the paint, and gave little leeway to the Cavs three - point shooting effort. Curry and Thompson were unable to get into a shooting rhythm, and the inefficient shooting gave the Cavs many windows of opportunity, but they were unable to take advantage of the cold shooting from the Warriors backcourt. Livingston had one of his best games of the playoffs, and poured in 20 points on a lights out 8 - of - 10 shooting, specifically with floaters and close range jumpers. The Cavaliers were able to grind out a handful of lead changes on the back of Irving and James, but their bench was unable to help out in the scoring department, as they finished with only 10 points combined from the reserves. James finished with 23 points, 12 rebounds and nine assists, while Irving added 26 points on 7 - of - 22 shooting. Tristan Thompson was clawing his way to offensive rebounds in the first half, but the energy died off in the second half. Thompson contributed 10 points and 12 rebounds on 5 - of - 11 shooting. Green returned to his stat stuffing ways and scored 16 points, 11 rebounds, seven assists and four steals, while causing nightmares in transition for Cleveland. Curry and Thompson both added two dagger three - pointers down the stretch, but combined for a rare 20 points 8 - of - 27 shooting. Harrison Barnes got working early on in the first quarter and was part of the reason his team was able to get off to a quick lead in the first half, as he finished with 13 points on 6 - of - 10 shooting. The Warriors will host Game 2 on Sunday.