The Oklahoma City Thunder defeated the Minnesota Timberwolves, 112 - 100, at Chesapeake Energy Arena on Sunday. In the extended absence of Victor Oladipo (wrist), the Thunder (19 - 12) have naturally depended heavily on perennial All-Star Russell Westbrook, and he's validated their faith on countless occasions. However, others in the OKC supporting cast have occasionally stepped up to lessen the load on the dynamic point guard, and such was the case on Christmas Day. It was the Thunder's pair of big men, Steven Adams and Enes Kanter, who turned in 22 and 20 points, respectively, to supplement a game - high 31 points from Westbrook, who also provided 15 assists, seven rebounds, a steal and a block. That trio of efforts helped lead to a 51 percent success rate from the field for the Thunder, which helped offset their 15 turnovers. The Timberwolves (9 - 21) were led by Karl-Anthony Towns, who supplied 26 points and eight rebounds. Andrew Wiggins was right behind him with 23 points, three rebounds, two assists and two steals. Zach LaVine, coming off a 40 - point explosion against the Sacramento Kings on Friday night, was relatively quiet with 16 points, which he supplemented with two assists, a rebound and a steal. Ricky Rubio was only able to muster three points, but he did hand out 10 assists, haul in seven boards and record a pair of steals. Shabazz Muhammad paced the second unit with 15 points. Adams added six rebounds, an assist and two steals to his aforementioned scoring total. Kanter registered four rebounds, four assists and a steal in addition to his 20 points. The starting five outside of Westbrook and Adams provided precious little on the scoreboard, as Andre Roberson, Domantas Sabonis and Anthony Morrow combined for just nine points. Alex Abrines tallied 10 points over 21 minutes in a reserve role. The Timberwolves head back home to face the Atlanta Hawks on Monday night, while the Thunder head down to South Florida to tangle with the Miami Heat on Tuesday evening.