The New York Knicks (25 - 35) defeated the Orlando Magic (25 - 32) 108 - 95 on Friday. The Magic made the trek up to the Big Apple after a 130 - 114 blowout defeat on Thursday in Orlando at the hands of the reigning NBA champs. The Knicks jumped on the likely - tired visitors early, building a 62 - 44 halftime lead. Although the Magic came out a bit reenergized out of intermission, New York's workmanlike effort kept them at an advantage, and led to a comfortable double - digit victory. The hosts were just a bit better than their guests in every category Friday, with New York sporting a 46 percent to 42 percent shooting advantage from the floor, a 25 percent to 22 percent edge from beyond the arc, and also prevailing 51 - 47 on the glass. Orlando was paced by a solid effort from Nikola Vucevic, who posted 18 points, eight boards, an assist and a steal. Aaron Gordon continued his stretch of strong play with 17 points, eight rebounds, two assists and a steal. Victor Oladipo tallied 16 points, six rebounds, three assists, a steal and a block. Dewayne Dedmon led the reserves with 12 points, three rebounds and a steal, while rookie Mario Hezonja also was productive while filling out the stat sheet in an efficient 26 minutes. He registered eight points, seven rebounds, three assists and a pair of steals. The Magic remain in last place in the Eastern Conference's Southeast Division, and five games back of the eighth - seeded Charlotte Hornets. They're back home on Sunday to face off against the Philadelphia 76ers. Carmelo Anthony led the way for New York with a 19 - point, 11 - rebound double - double that also included six assists and a steal. Kristaps Porzingis was right behind with 18 points, six boards, two assists, two steals and a pair of blocks. Each of the three remaining starters tallied 14 - point efforts. Arron Afflalo surprisingly added 12 boards to his scoring haul, along with a trio of assists and a steal. Robin Lopez supplemented his total with eight boards, a steal and a pair of blocks, while Jose Calderon also contributed three boards and an assist. Even the reserves got in on the act, with Derrick Williams and Lance Thomas pacing the bench with a pair of 11 - point outings. The former complemented his scoring with three rebounds, while the latter added three boards, an assist and a steal. The Knicks remain in third place in the Eastern Conference's Atlantic Division, and are five and a half games back of the eighth - seeded Charlotte Hornets. They're home again on Sunday to face off against the Miami Heat.