The New York Knicks defeated the Chicago Bulls, 104 - 89, at Madison Square Garden on Thursday. The Knicks (18 - 22) have n't exactly caught many breaks over the last two - plus weeks, having lost nine of their last 10. They were on the right side of Lady Luck for a change Thursday, however, as the Bulls (19 - 21) were without Jimmy Butler and Nikola Mirotic due to illness. The Knicks were a bit on the short - handed side themselves, as Kristaps Porzingis sat out with a sore Achilles. New York was better able to cope with the absence of one of their important pieces, though, as Carmelo Anthony stepped up to deliver a game - high 23 points, and Joakim Noah posted a 12 - point, 15 - rebound double - double against his former teammates. The Knicks also played stellar defense, holding the visitors to respective 40 percent and 17 percent success rates from the field and three - point range. In Butler's absence, it was Dwyane Wade who paced the Bulls, tallying 22 points, three rebounds, three assists and two steals. Taj Gibson registered a near double - double with 12 points and nine boards. Robin Lopez totaled 10 points, seven rebounds and a pair of blocks. Paul Zipser drew the start in Butler's stead and contributed seven points, five rebounds and two assists. Jerian Grant totaled 14 points, four assists, three rebounds and a steal to lead the bench, while Cristiano Felicio offered 13 points, five boards and a block over 24 minutes in a reserve role. Anthony added nine rebounds, six assists and a steal to his aforementioned scoring total. Derrick Rose checked in behind him on the starting five with 17 points, four boards and three assists. Mindaugas Kuzminskas mustered 19 points, four rebounds, an assist, two steals and a block to lead the second unit. Kyle O'Quinn supplied a 12 - point, 11 - rebound double - double that also included three assists and four blocks in just 17 minutes off the bench. The Bulls head back home for a Saturday afternoon showdown with the Pelicans, while the Knicks head north of the border to tangle with the Toronto Raptors on Sunday afternoon.