The Charlotte Hornets (31 - 41) defeated the Atlanta Hawks (55 - 18), 115 - 100, on Saturday at the Time Warner Cable Arena. Charlotte drew a matchup with the East's top team at the right time, with Atlanta resting four starters and Jeff Teague sitting out with a sprained ankle. The Hawks' reserves - turned - starters fared well against the Hornets, but the Hornets' lineup proved to be too much in the end. The Hawks cut the lead to single - digits in the fourth, but the Hornets, led by Mo Williams' shooting, put them away. Williams finished with 18 points off the bench and made four of his five attempts from beyond the arc. The Hornets lead the season series 2 - 1 and they will meet one last time during the regular season on April 10. Atlanta was coming off a 99 - 86 victory over Miami on Friday to clinch the top seed in the Eastern Conference. As a result, coach Mike Budenholzer did n't feel pressed to deploy his starters for the second game of a back - to - back set. Paul Millsap, Al Horford, Kyle Korver, and DeMarre Carroll were all rested for this game and Dennis Schroder started in place of Jeff Teague. The Hawks started Elton Brand, Mike Muscala, John Jenkins, and Kent Bazemore alongside Schroder. They showed good chemistry throughout the game with 32 assists on 37 field goals. Bazemore had a season - high 20 points and Muscala posted a double - double with 18 points and 10 rebounds. The Hawks will return to action Monday against the Bucks. Charlotte was n't necessarily at full strength Saturday, but was able to get an important win as it continues to make a push for a post season spot. Michael Kidd-Gilchrist (ankle) and Cody Zeller (shoulder) both missed this game, opening the opportunity for Jeff Taylor and Marvin Williams to move into the starting lineup. Al Jefferson had just two points in 17 minutes on the floor. The Hornets are now just a game out of the eighth seed in the Eastern Conference and will have a chance at another big win on Monday when they host the Celtics.