The Indiana Pacers (38 - 43) kept their playoff hopes alive Tuesday with a 99 - 95 double - overtime victory over the the Washington Wizards (46 - 35) at Bankers Life Fieldhouse. The Pacers were in a must - win situation Tuesday after recent skids by the Heat and Nets vaulted them temporarily into the eighth seed in the East. Both teams got off to frigid starts on the offensive end, highlighted by an 0 - for - 9 stretch by the Pacers in the second quarter. Neither team reached the 50 - point mark until the 4:20 mark in the third quarter when John Wall found Marcin Gortat for an easy layup. The teams went back - and - forth throughout the fourth quarter, but a missed John Wall floater at the buzzer sent the game into overtime. One overtime was n't enough to decide the outcome, however, as the Pacers and Wizards mustered just four points apiece in the first extra period. Indiana's George Hill clutch three - pointer in the second OT gave the Pacers a five point lead with under 30 seconds remaining to help seal the victory. The Pacers are in position to clinch the East's final playoff spot with a win Wednesday against the Grizzlies or a Nets loss. Washington entered Tuesday with the fifth seed in hand, but decided to play its starters against a playoff caliber team. Nene Hill was sidelined with an ankle injury, which moved veteran Drew Gooden into the starting lineup. Five different Wizards logged over 40 minutes of playing time, led by Marcin Gortat and John Wall with 44 minutes. Wall finished with 16 points on 7 - of - 23 shooting and added 11 assists while Gortat posted 19 points and 10 rebounds. Washington will finish wrap up the regular season Wednesday in Cleveland. Indiana lost seven out of eight in late March to temporarily fall out of a playoff spot, but its current six - game win streak has given it control of its playoff destiny. George Hill finished just shy of a triple - double with 24 points, 10 assists, and nine rebounds. C.J Miles followed his 30 - point outing Sunday with a 25 point performance and he also grabbed eight rebounds. Paul George exceeded his minutes restriction, finishing with 10 points in 18 minutes on the floor. Indiana's win eliminated Miami from playoff contention, but a matchup with Memphis on Wednesday will be no easy task for the Pacers just one night after a double - overtime victory.