The New York Knicks defeated the Minnesota Timberwolves, 118 - 114, at Madison Square Garden on Friday. Carmelo Anthony has begun to cede some of the offensive responsibility to sophomore sensation Kristaps Porzingis in some games due to the latter's emergence, and such was the case when these two teams met just two nights prior. However, the perennial All-Star took back the mantle Friday, leading the way with 29 points, five rebounds, three assists and three steals. He also drained two key free throws with six seconds left, giving the Knicks (10 - 9) their final two points of the night and effectively sealing the win. His stellar performance led the way on a night when the entire New York starting five managed to hit double digits in the scoring column, and that also saw New York shoot 48 percent from the field overall. The Timberwolves (5 - 14) were paced by a 23 - point output from Zach LaVine, who complemented the scoring with three assists, two rebounds and a steal. Karl Anthony-Towns totaled 20 points, eight boards, an assist and a trio of blocks. Andrew Wiggins contributed 19 points, four assists, three rebounds and a steal. Gorgui Dieng and Ricky Rubio were only able to total a combined five points, however, taking only six shots between them. However, the bench helped make up for some of the offensive void by scoring 47 points overall. The second unit was led by Nemanja Bjelica, who supplied 17 points, seven boards and three assists. Shabazz Muhammad managed 14 points, two rebounds and an assist, while Cole Aldrich contributed a 10 - point, 12 - rebound double - double, along with two assists, three blocks and two steals, over 27 minutes. Derrick Rose was second behind Anthony with 24 points, five rebounds, five assists and a steal. Kyle O'Quinn was outstanding in another start at center for Joakim Noah, posting a 20 - point, 13 - rebound double - double that also featured two assists and two blocks. Justin Holiday got the start at two - guard and compiled 13 points, seven rebounds, three steals and a block, while Porzingis came back down to earth with 11 points, five rebounds, three assists and three blocks. The Timberwolves hit the road again Saturday, traveling to Charlotte to face off with the Hornets. The Knicks remain home to take on the Sacramento Kings on Sunday.