The Golden State Warriors (13 - 3) defeated the Cleveland Cavaliers (12 - 2) 108 - 100 in overtime of Game 1 of the NBA Finals Thursday in Oakland. The game lived up to all the hype, as the two teams battled back and forth from start to finish, but in the end, the Warriors proved to be too deep and simply outlasted the Cavaliers in overtime, where they outscored them 10 - 2. The Warriors were led by the league MVP Stephen Curry, who, despite getting off to a slow start in the first quarter, still managed to finish with a team - high 26 points (10 - 20 FG, 2 - 6 3Pt), four rebounds and eight assists in 43 minutes of play. Golden State’s most important contributor, however, might have been Andre Iguodala off the bench, who was making big plays on both ends of the floor when his team needed them the most. Iguodala finished with 15 points (6 - 8 FG, 2 - 3 3Pt) in 32 minutes off the bench. Klay Thompson did not shoot the ball particularly well Thursday night, but still managed to finish with 21 points on 5 - of - 14 shooting and six rebounds in 39 minutes. Draymond Green and Harrison Barnes round out the five Warrior players who scored in double figures, scoring 12 and 11 points respectively. LeBron James was absolutely sensational in the losing effort, putting up an NBA finals career - high 44 points (18 - 38 FG, 2 - 8 3Pt, 6 - 10 FT) to go along with eight rebounds and six assists in 46 minutes of play. With a majority of the guys around him struggling offensively, James did all he possibly could to keep his team ahead. Kyrie Irving, who came into the game with questions surrounding his injured knee, did not struggle offensively and put up 23 points (10 - 22 FG, 2 - 8 3Pt), seven rebounds and six assists in 44 minutes of play. The bad news for Cleveland is that in the overtime period with the game seemingly already out of reach, Irving went down with what appeared to be a knee injury and limped to the locker room in a lot of pain. If Kyrie is unable to go, the Cavaliers are in even bigger trouble than they already were, as they will need a superman - like performance from James every game now, especially if he can’t get the support he needs from his teammates. Irving will have two days to recover, as Game 2 of the Finals is set for Sunday at 8 p.m. EST.