The Utah Jazz defeated the Memphis Grizzlies, 82 - 73, at FedExForum Arena on Sunday. As was to be expected in a meeting of two of the NBA's stingiest defenses, the game was a low - scoring, grind - it - out affair, one played amidst a cacophony of whistles from the referees. The two teams were called for a total of 48 personal fouls, with the Grizzlies (18 - 11) guilty of 28 of those. After combining for just 69 points in the first half, both offenses picked it up in the third period, and the Jazz (18 - 10) was able to finally separate in the fourth quarter. Gordon Hayward and Rudy Gobert led the way for the visitors with 22 and 21 points, respectively, and Utah was able to limit Memphis to 30 percent shooting from the field and a minuscule 9 percent tally from beyond the arc. Hayward added seven rebounds, six assists, three blocks and two steals to his team - high scoring total. Gobert turned in a double - double, as he hauled in 12 rebounds in addition to his aforementioned 21 points. He also recorded a trio of blocks and a steal. Boris Diaw checked in with 11 points, six rebounds and three assists, while Rodney Hood poured in 10 points and supplemented them with four boards and an assist. Shelvin Mack paced the second unit with 10 points, six rebounds, five assists and a steal. The Grizzlies saw Mike Conley lead the way with 14 points, which he complemented with four dimes and a steal. JaMychal Green was second amongst the starters with a 10 points, 11 rebounds, two steals and a block. Tony Allen contributed a full stat line of nine points, eight boards, an assist and two steals. Marc Gasol had a forgettable night from the field, posting only eight points on 4 - of - 22 shooting. He did add seven rebounds, four assists and a steal. Veteran Zach Randolph continued his strong work off the bench with a 12 - point, 11 - rebound double - double. The Jazz head west to take on the Golden State Warriors on Tuesday night, while the Grizzlies are home again on Tuesday evening versus the Boston Celtics.