The Charlotte Hornets (37 - 28) defeated the Houston Rockets (33 - 33) 125 - 109 on Saturday. The Hornets came into the game riding a six - game win streak, and came out of the gate against Houston looking like it. They raced out to a 34 - 19 lead after one period on the strength of solid first quarters from their stalwart trio of Kemba Walker, Nicolas Batum and Marvin Williams. The Rockets woke from their slumber in the middle periods, winning the second and third quarters by a margin of 68 - 56, but Charlotte managed to regain their grip on the game in the fourth and pull away for their 25th home victory of the season. The shooting made all the difference for the Hornets, who tallied 55 and 48 percent success rates from the field and three - point range, respectively. Meanwhile, their defense managed to completely stifle James Harden's lethal long - range game, and limited the Rockets to a 19 percent figure from beyond the arc overall. Corey Brewer was actually the scoring leader for Houston on the night, and he accomplished the feat off the bench. Brewer managed 21 points, three rebounds, a steal and a block over 27 minutes. Dwight Howard was next in line while pacing the starters with 16 points, 13 rebounds and four assists. Michael Beasley followed with a second impressive outing, totaling 15 points, two rebounds and a block in just 15 minutes on the court. Harden was held to just 12 points, and was 0 - for - 5 from three - point range. He did dish out 10 assists and also hauled in three rebounds and a pair of steals. The Rockets remain in third place in the Western Conference's Southwest Division and hold the seventh seed in the conference as well. They head back home to face the Memphis Grizzlies on Monday night. Walker paced the Hornets with 26 points, six assists and five rebounds. Williams followed closely behind with 25 points, four rebounds and two steals. Batum tallied 14 points, eight rebounds, eight assists, a steal and a block. Courtney Lee pitched in with 12 points, two boards and an assist, while Jeremy Lin paced the reserves with 16 points, four rebounds, four assists and a steal. Charlotte is in second place in the Eastern Conference's Southeast Division, and had a hold of the fifth seed in the conference as well. They're home again on Monday night versus the Mavericks.