The Washington Wizards defeated the Brooklyn Nets, 118 - 95, at Verizon Center on Friday. The Wizards (16 - 16) learned earlier in the day that Bradley Beal would rest his sprained right ankle against the Nets (8 - 24), which pushed Sheldon McClellan into the starting lineup alongside John Wall. Beal's absence was rather easy to overcome, however, as Washington dominated a reeling Brooklyn squad that's only won one road game all season from the opening tip. Wall led the way for the Wizards' first unit with a 19 - point, 14 - assist double - double that also included two rebounds, four steals and a block. The home team also received standout performances from Marcin Gortat and Wall's backup Trey Burke, who paced the team overall with a season - high 27 points. Washington had the collective hot hand on offense, shooting 57 percent from the field and 50 percent from three - point range. The Nets were led by Trevor Booker, who posted 16 points, seven boards and three assists. Rondae Hollis-Jefferson matched Booker's point total in 29 minutes off the bench, and added five rebounds, an assist and a steal. Bojan Bogdanovic went for 12 points, three rebounds, an assist and a steal. Brook Lopez compiled 11 points, six assists, five rebounds and a steal. Sean Kilpatrick (seven points) and Isaiah Whitehead (six points) underwhelmed, however, going a combined 4 - of - 14 from the field. Caris Levert was productive in a reserve role, supplying 12 points in 24 minutes. Burke added two rebounds, two assists and two steals to his game - high scoring total. Gortat produced a 19 - point, 13 - rebound double - double that also included an assist, a steal and a block. Otto Porter, Jr. chipped in with 12 points, four boards, two assists, a steal and a block, while Markieff Morris registered 10 points, six rebounds and a steal. McClellan went for eight points in his spot start, and Jason Smith totaled 10 points, eight rebounds, an assist and two blocks in just 18 minutes on the second unit. The Nets head back home to take on the Utah Jazz on Monday night, while the Wizards head west to take on the Houston Rockets on Monday evening as well.