The Dallas Mavericks (1 - 3) defeated the Houston Rockets (3 - 1) 121 - 109 on Sunday in Dallas in game four of their first round matchup for the Western Conference playoffs. The Rockets came out and had a really quick start, out - scoring the Mavericks 34 - 25 right away in the first quarter. It was the Mavericks who came out hot in the second though, as they out - scored the Rockets by 17 in that quarter to take an eight - point lead into the break. After the Mavericks extended their lead with a strong third quarter, the Rockets made one last run in the fourth. They got to within nine points, but the Mavericks were able to seal the deal and keep their playoff hopes alive by avoiding elimination with a win. The Mavericks shot 54 percent from the field and 36 percent from the three - point line, while the Rockets went 47 percent from the floor and just 23 percent from deep. The Mavericks were led by some big lines from their backcourt duo of JJ Barea and Monta Ellis. Ellis went 13 - for - 21 from the field and 2 - for - 6 from the three - point line to score a team - high of 31 points, while also adding six rebounds and three assists. Ellis has been very effective over the last two games of this series, combining for 65 points and 12 assists, while shooting over 60 percent from the field. He'll have to continue with that scoring momentum if the Mavericks want any chance at staying alive in this series. Barea was the biggest surprise in this game as he was very effective as a starter. Barea scored 17 points (7 - 15 FG, 2 - 6 3Pt, 1 - 2 FT), to go along with 13 assists, which was just the second time all season he reached double - digit assists. Barea was a big part in giving this team a spark in the second quarter, which is where he scored 10 of his 17 points. That run helped give the Mavericks momentum, so he was a huge reason for the Mavericks' success. Like Barea, Al-Farouq Aminu has also been a nice surprise for the Mavericks and he had a solid performance again with 16 points (6 - 10 FG, 3 - 5 3Pt, 1 - 3 FT) and 12 rebounds. He was coming off a 15 - point performance in game three, so he did n't disappoint with another impressive outing. Dirk Nowitzki added 16 points (7 - 14 FG, 0 - 1 3Pt, 2 - 2 FT) and eight rebounds as well. As expected, the Rockets saw James Harden do a large portion of the scoring. He went 7 - for - 15 from the field, but just 1 - for - 7 from the three - point line to score 24 points, while also adding five rebounds and five assists. Harden forced his way to the line, making all nine of his free throw attempts as well. While the production from Harden was expected, most did n't think the Rockets' bench was going to play as well as they did. Both Josh Smith and Corey Brewer were just as important in keeping the Rockets in this game as Harden was. Smith really had his shot dialed in. He went 8 - for - 10 from the floor and 4 - for - 5 from deep to score 23 points, to go along with six rebounds and three assists. He did receive a technical foul though after shoving Devin Harris while he was intentionally fouling him. Brewer, on the other hand, chipped in with 22 points (9 - 15 FG, 1 - 3 3Pt, 3 - 4 FT) and five rebounds while playing 32 minutes. The Rockets' bench out - scored the Mavericks' bench 49 - 31, but it was n't enough to give them the win. The Rockets really struggled on the boards, as they were out - rebounded 52 - 38. That included 16 offensive rebounds for the Mavericks, which gave them multiple second chance opportunities. Dwight Howard and Tyson Chandler also were given technical fouls after they got into a tussle of their own. These two teams will head back to Houston and face off again in game five on Tuesday.