The Memphis Grizzlies (32 - 22) defeated the Minnesota Timberwolves (17 - 38) 109 - 104 on Friday. The entertaining back - and - forth affair featured new - look lineups for both clubs, although the bigger facelift was on the side of the hometown Grizzlies. While Minnesota's Andrew Wiggins slid over to small forward to make room for two - time Slam Dunk Contest champ Zach LaVine at shooting guard, Memphis began life in earnest without the sidelined Marc Gasol (foot) and the jettisoned Jeff Green and Courtney Lee. JaMychal Green helped to fortify the front court in Gasol's stead, while part - time starters Matt Barnes and Tony Allen took the place of the latter two. All of the aforementioned players managed solid - to - stellar performances in their new roles, leading to a highly competitive matchup that the Grizzlies were able to triumph in due in to their superior shooting and ball security. Memphis was able to outperform Minnesota 49 percent to 41 percent from the field, while eliciting 20 turnovers from the visitors and only committing 14 of their own. Minnesota was led by LaVine's 22 points, which he complemented with a pair of rebounds and a steal. Wiggins was n't far behind, tallying 20 points, five assists, a pair of rebounds and a steal. Meanwhile, the Timberwolves' frontcourt was the scene of a pair of dominating double - doubles, led by Gorgui Dieng's 14 - point, 12 - rebound performance that also included an assist, three steals and a block. Karl-Anthony Towns pitched in with 11 points and 15 boards of his own, along with three assists, a steal and two blocks. Shabazz Muhammad and Kelvin Martin contributed a pair of 12 - point efforts to lead the bench. The former also supplied three rebounds and an assist, while the latter contributed a pair of boards and an assist. The Timberwolves remain in last place in the Western Conference's Northwest Division. They head home to face off against the New York Knicks on Saturday night. As expected, Mike Conley took charge of the offense in the absence of the aforementioned trio of players, totaling 25 points, seven assists, four rebounds and two steals. Zach Randolph was next in line with a 17 - point, eight - rebound effort that also included an assist. Barnes pitched in with 11 points, five boards, two assists, two steals and a block. Green came within a point of a double - double, hauling in 11 boards, handing out two assists, and recording three steals and three blocks. Allen supplied nine points, two rebounds, two assists and a steal. Veteran Vince Carter turned back the clock in pacing the reserves, recording a season - high 15 points, and adding four rebounds and a pair of steals. The Grizzlies remain in second place in the Western Conference's Southwest Division. They now head to Toronto to take on the Raptors in a Sunday showdown.