The Houston Rockets (1 - 3) parlayed a record - breaking 45 - point first quarter into a 128 - 115 win over the Golden State Warriors (3 - 1). Stephen Curry suffered a head contusion in the first half, passed concussion protocol, and returned in the middle of the third quarter with his team down 10. The Rockets pulled ahead 45 - 22 after the first quarter and built a 25 - point lead in the second quarter before allowing the Warriors to pull within six points in the fourth quarter. The win marks their fourth this postseason when facing elimination and first over the Warriors all season. James Harden, the MVP runner - up, scored a playoff career - high 45 points, as many as his team scored in the first quarter. He added nine rebounds, five assists, two steals, two blocks and seven three - pointers in 40 minutes. Dwight Howard was assessed a Flagrant Foul 1 for elbowing Andrew Bogut in the head, a maneuver that led to an ejection for Al Horford in the Eastern Conference Finals. Should the league upgrade the blow to a Flagrant Foul 2, Howard will be suspended for Game 5 due to an accrued four flagrant foul points during the postseason. Josh Smith added 20 points on 7 - of - 8 from the field and 3 - of - 12 free - throw shooting in 28 minutes. Stephen Curry appeared tentative upon reentering the game. He missed his first three shots in the second half and finished with 23 points on 7 - of - 18 shooting. He compiled four assists and one rebound in 31 minutes of action. All eyes will be fixed on Curry over the next 48 hours, monitoring his health as the team flies back home. Shaun Livingston, who started the second half, would likely move into the starting lineup if anything lingers on Curry's behalf. Klay Thompson finally performed to his All-Star stature, scoring 16 of his team - high 24 points in the second quarter. After going 4 - of - 22 from downtown in the first two games, he responded by converting 6 - of - 13 three - pointers in Game 4. Prior to fouling out, Draymond Green contributed 21 points, a game - high 15 rebounds, five blocks, four assists and two three - pointers in 40 minutes. Andrew Bogut was held scoreless in 21 minutes, a casualty of foul trouble and a shift in philosophy on the offensive end. Game 5 will take place Wednesday at Oracle Arena. The Warriors have only lost three games all year at home.