The Charlotte Hornets (14 - 8) defeated the Memphis Grizzlies (13 - 11) 123 - 99 on Friday. Charlotte has been impressive on offense throughout their first 21 contests, coming into Friday as a top 10 - ranked unit with an average of 102 points scored per game. An integral component of their success has been the play of stalwart point guard Kemba Walker and offseason acquisition Nicolas Batum, with the latter making a considerable impact in a Hornets uniform now that he's fully recovered from the wrist problems that plagued him throughout his final campaign in Portland. The Dynamic Duo were at it again Friday, with Walker managing 33 points, his third outing with 30 or more on the season. The 25 - year - old added six assists and five rebounds in a dynamic performance. Meanwhile, Batum bounced back from two modest efforts to post 20 points, four rebounds and a pair of assists. They spearheaded a Hornets attack that led to Charlotte's third - highest scoring total of the season. In addition to the pair of standout efforts, the visitors received the bulk of their remaining points from the bench. Three Hornets reserves tallied double - digit scoring, led by Jeremy Lin's 16 points. Frank Kaminsky III posted the second - highest point total of his career with 15 points, and Jeremy Lamb, who's been outstanding in a reserve role all season, contributed 10 points, his ninth double - digit scoring performance over the last 10 games. Charlotte improved to 14 - 8 and remains in first place in the Eastern Conference's Southeast Division. They head home for a Saturday night showdown versus the Boston Celtics. The Grizzlies were led by a near double - double from Marc Gasol, who poured in 17 points and added nine rebounds, five assists, a pair of steals and a block. Mike Conley was right behind his teammate with 16 points, four assists, three rebounds and a pair of blocks. Zach Randolph (13 points) and Tony Allen (10 points) joined Gasol and Conley in double - digit scoring, and Courtney Lee paced the Memphis bench with 12 points, two rebounds and an assist. Matt Barnes, he of the game - winning half - court shot against the Pistons, could n't conjure up similar heroics in Friday's blowout, but pitched in with 11 points in a reserve role. Memphis fell to 13 - 11 and currently resides in third place in the Western Conference's Southwest Division. They head to Miami to face the Heat on Sunday.