The Cleveland Cavaliers defeated the host Golden State Warriors, 93 - 89, in Game 7 on Sunday at Oracle Arena to win their first NBA championship in franchise history and bring Cleveland it's first pro sports title since 1952. Cleveland became the first team in NBA history to win the NBA Finals after going down 3 - 1 in the series, and the impressive victory came on the back of LeBron James and Kyrie Irving. James was named Finals MVP after stuffing the stat sheet to the tune of yet another triple - double. The first half was the Draymond Green show, as the Warriors swiss army knife of a big man was strong in and out of the paint, and was perfect from behind the arc on his way to 32 points. Green slipped around multiple screens that caused mayhem for the Cavs defense, and did not miss a three - pointer until the second half. The Warriors rallied behind Green, as Curry and Thompson were unable to find their stroke, but still entered the half with a seven point lead. The second half became an intense back - and - forth, evidenced by the 20 lead changes throughout the game, which included 11 times that the game was tied. J.R. Smith got hot in the third quarter and brought back the Cavs from a near double - figure deficit, all the while Curry was finding success in transition. Kevin Love was effective under the rim, especially on the rebounding end where he racked up 14 boards. With the game tied at 89 points a piece in the fourth quarter, both the Cavs and Warriors traded failed shot attempts and sloppy transition play with under five minutes remaining. Irving broke the tie with a clutch three - pointer with just under one minute to play, and the Warriors were unable to get back on the scoreboard. James went to the line after trying to throw down a hammer dunk on Green, and sunk one of the free throws to ice the game. James finished with 27 points, 11 rebounds and 11 assists, while Irving added 26 points on 10 - of - 23 shooting. The Warriors were led by Green, who scored 32 points, grabbed 15 rebounds and dished out nine assists. Curry and Thompson combined to go for 31 points on 12 - of - 36 shooting.