The Detroit Pistons (26 - 44) defeated the Boston Celtics (30 - 39) 105 - 97 in overtime on Sunday in Boston. A short shot by Reggie Jackson tied the game at 88 with just under a minute remaining and neither team was able to score after that. The Pistons then opened up the period on a 70 run and the Celtics were unable to recover after that, as Detroit went onto win 17 - 9 in overtime. The Pistons were led by another huge double - double from Andre Drummond, who posted 18 points on 8 - of - 17 shooting, 22 rebounds and four blocks in 40 minutes. It was the 21 - year - old's first double - double in three games, but his sixth in the month of March. Kentavious Caldwell-Pope also had a huge game, scoring 27 points on 10 - of - 20 shooting and grabbing eight rebounds in 44 minutes. Also in the backcourt, Jackson recorded his fourth straight double - double and nearly his second triple - double in three games, posting 17 points on 5 - of - 13 shooting, 11 assists and nine rebounds in 37 minutes. Greg Monroe sat out for the fourth straight game with a knee injury, and Anthony Tolliver took his place in the starting lineup, scoring zero points in 25 minutes. The wins gives the Pistons their second in a row, but the team still remains far on the outside looking into the Eastern Conference playoff race, sitting 5 games behind the Celtics for the eighth and final playoff spot. All five Celtics starters scored in double figures, but that just was not enough. They were lead by Evan Turner, who posted 23 points on 10 - of - 21 shooting, eight assists, six rebounds and three steals. Jae Crowder was next up, scoring 19 points on 7 - of - 16 shooting and seven rebounds in 45 minutes. Marcus Smart served his one - game suspension and Avery Bradley took over the starting point guard duties as a result, but he had just 10 points on 3 - of - 10 shooting, four assists and four rebounds in 38 minutes. Brandon Bass (13) and Tyler Zeller (10) round out the starters in double figures while Jonas Jerebko scored 10 points in 21 minutes off the bench. The loss was a costly one for the Celtics, as the loss brings them into a tie for the eighth spot in the Eastern Conference with the Pacers and Hornets. While they do hold the tiebreaker, Boston is now playing down the final stretch of the season where every game is crucial. Up next, the Pistons will head home Tuesday to take on the Raptors, while Boston will travel to Brooklyn and play the Nets on Monday.