The Cleveland Cavaliers (46 - 18) defeated the Los Angeles Lakers (14 - 52) 120 - 108 at Staples Center on Thursday. Any other year, this meeting between the Eastern Conference’s best team and the Western Conference’s worst team would not make for a premier event, but given that it was the final time Kobe Bryant would face off against LeBron James, the night had some magic to it. Bryant and James have been the sole two players who have been highlighted in the past nine NBA Finals, but they never faced off the league’s biggest stage at the same time. The Black Mamba was not afraid of the competition, and turned back the clock with his most efficient shooting performance on the season, as he scored 26 points on 11 - of - 16 shooting in 32 minutes. The passing of the torch is not far away, and D’Angelo Russell has shown improvement over the course of the torrid season for Los Angeles, as he continued to select good shots throughout the matchup. Russell scored 24 points, to go along with four rebounds and five assists, which made up for Jordan Clarkson’s first off night in some time after scoring a lowly five points on 2 - of - 12 shooting. Julius Randle looked good with his right hand, especially driving in the lane, and pitched in 15 points and nine boards. The Cavaliers did not pull away until the second half, but once their engine got moving, the Lakers were left in the dust of a double figure lead for a while. The box score reflects six Cavs scoring in double figures, led by Kyrie Irving’s 26 points. The Duke product added two rebounds and nine assists on 11 - of - 20 shooting, while King James added 24 points, five boards and seven assists. J.R. Smith is finding a rhythm over his last week and buried four three - pointers in the contest, to go along with an off the backboard assist to James that had even the Lakers fans out of their seats. Channing Frye contributed a shooting clinic, and seemed unable to miss throughout the entirety of the game, which was reflected by his 21 points on 80 percent shooting. Tristan Thompson took care of business on the rebounding end, keeping most of the Lakers bigs boxed out. The Lakers will welcome Carmelo Anthony and the New York Knicks (27 - 39) on Sunday, while the Cavaliers will play the same day, in the same arena, against the Los Angeles Clippers (41 - 22).