The Boston Celtics defeated the Philadelphia 76ers, 116 - 108, at TD Garden on Wednesday evening. In keeping with the considerable improvement they've demonstrated this season, the Sixers (21 - 35) gave the Celtics (37 - 19) all they could handle on their home court. They matched their hosts point for point in the first half, forging a 61 - 61 tie at intermission. Boston was finally able to gain a measure of separation in the third quarter, which was key to the victory. The Celtics enjoyed a very productive shooting night, tallying a 48 percent success rate from the field and 46 percent from three - point range. That helped them overcome a very poor performance in the turnover department, as they gave the ball away a whopping 22 times, a total that was matched by the Sixers. Dario Saric continued to provide excellent returns off the bench for Philadelphia, scoring a team - high 20 points in 33 minutes. He added 11 rebounds, one steal and one block. Robert Covington nearly accomplished a double - double of his own with 18 points, nine rebounds, two assists, three steals and one block. Nerlens Noel totaled 16 points, seven boards, three assists and three steals. T.J. McConnell provided 12 points, eight assists, three rebounds and five steals. Gerald Henderson supplied 11 points and a pair of steals. Nik Stauskas was productive as a reserve as well with 11 points, five rebounds and one assist. Isaiah Thomas unsurprisingly led the way again for Boston with a game - high 33 points that he supplemented with four rebounds and three assists. Marcus Smart enjoyed a superb offensive night while drawing the start at shooting guard, totaling 21 points, five rebounds, five assists, a jaw - dropping eight steals and one block. Jae Crowder stepped up with 18 points, five rebounds, two assists and one steal. Al Horford registered 12 points, five rebounds, two assists and two steals. Kelly Olynyk led the second unit with 16 points, seven boards, three assists and one steal. James Young managed 10 points, three rebounds, one steal and one block in 22 minutes off the bench. The Sixers kick off the second half of the season at home against the Washington Wizards on Friday, February 24th, while the Celtics head to Chicago to take on the Bulls on Thursday evening to close out the first half of their season.