The Washington Wizards defeated the New York Knicks, 117 - 101, at Verizon Center on Tuesday. The Knicks (21 - 29) checked in to Tuesday's game without two of their most important pieces, as Derrick Rose (ankle) and Kristaps Porzingis (illness) were unable to take the court. While Brandon Jennings and Willy Hernangomez both did admirable jobs filling in for the talented pair, New York was simply unable to overcome a highly balanced effort from the Wizards (28 - 20). All five members of the first unit managed double - digit scoring, and Washington posted a stellar 56 percent success rate from the floor. They were solid on the defensive end as well, limiting the visitors to 37 and 21 percent tallies from the field and three - point range, respectively. New York was paced by Carmelo Anthony, who managed 26 points and five rebounds in the absence of his aforementioned teammates. Jennings supplied 21 points, five rebounds, two assists and four steals. Hernangomez posted a 15 - point, 14 - rebound double - double that also included four assists. Courtney Lee mustered a modest five points on 2 - of - 10 shooting, along with five rebounds and one assist. Joakim Noah went scoreless over 15 minutes, contributing just four rebounds, an assist and a steal overall. Kyle O'Quinn made up for Noah's shortfall with a 13 - point, 10 - rebound double - double that led the second unit. Bradley Beal set the high - water mark on offense for the Wizards, registering 28 points on 12 - of - 18 shooting. He added four assists, two rebounds and a steal. Markieff Morris took advantage of Porzingis' absence to generate a 24 - point, 10 - rebound double - double that also included two assists. Marcin Gortat accomplished the feat as well, posting 15 points, 10 rebounds, two assists, one steal and one block. John Wall made it a double - double hat trick by going for 15 points, 13 assists and four rebounds. Otto Porter, Jr. filled out the stat sheet with 10 points, six rebounds, three assists and a steal. Kelly Oubre, Jr. paced the bench with 14 points and a pair of boards. The Knicks head back to the Big Apple to do battle with the Brooklyn Nets on Wednesday night, while the Wizards remain home and go for their 16th straight home victory against the Lakers on Thursday evening.