The Indiana Pacers (2 - 3) defeated the Boston Celtics (1 - 3) 100 - 98 on Wednesday in Indianapolis. After getting off to a hot start and outscoring the Celtics 23 - 16 in the first quarter, the Pacers looked as if they could run away with this game. The Celtics had something to say about that, though, bringing themselves back to within one point going into the fourth. Down five points in the fourth, Avery Bradley hit two clutch shots to tie the game with just a minute left in regulation. However, Monta Ellis then came right back and put the Pacers up two after getting fouled and making both free - throw attempts, to which the Celtics were n't able to muster a response. The Pacers rode the hot hand of Paul George in this one. He put up a team - high of 26 points, 15 of which came in the first half, while also adding 10 rebounds. The double - double was his second of the year, bringing his season averages up to 19 points and 8 rebounds per game. With starting center Ian Mahinmi out due to a back injury, Jordan Hill made the start in the middle. Hill took advantage of the extra time, pitching in with a double - double of his own with 16 points (7 - 14 FG, 2 - 2 FT), 10 rebounds, and two steals over 29 minutes. The point, rebound, and steal totals were all season highs for the sixth - year big man. Including the two game - sealing free throws, Monta Ellis also chipped in with 13 points (5 - 15 FG, 1 - 4 3Pt, 2 - 2 FT), five rebounds, and eight assists. The Celtics came into this matchup dealing with an important injury of their own, as Marcus Smart was held out with a sprained left big toe. Starting in his place, Isaiah Thomas did n't disappoint, shooting 9 - for - 19 from the field and 4 - for - 7 from the three - point line to score a game - high 27 points. He also added seven assists. He's had a fantastic start to this season and was already averaging 22 points, 1 rebounds, and 6 assists per game heading into the matchup. Avery Bradley and Jae Crowder were the other two starters in double figures. Bradley finished with 21 points (8 - 16 FG, 3 - 8 3Pt, 2 - 2 FT) and five rebounds, while Crowder added 12 points (3 - 5 FG, 1 - 2 3Pt, 5 - 8 FT) and six rebounds. The Celtics will next head on the road to take on the Washington Wizards on Friday, while the Pacers will remain at home and play the Miami Heat on Friday.