The Brooklyn Nets defeated the Los Angeles Clippers, 127 - 122, in double - overtime at Barclays Center on Tuesday. The Clippers came into this game as a monster favorite, but things did n't go as planned. Los Angeles led for the first 45 minutes, but allowed Brooklyn to take their first lead with three minutes left. In fact, the Clippers had an 18 - point lead late in the third quarter, as their backups allowed the Nets to crawl back in and send the game to two overtimes, thanks to a 34 - 21 fourth quarter. Brooklyn missed four free - throws in the final 30 seconds of the first overtime to allow the Clippers to send it to a second OT with a game - tying three. From there, the Nets took over in the second OT and escaped with a needed win. The biggest advantage for Brooklyn was in the paint, as they won that battle 52 - 42. Los Angeles (14 - 5) had to play this game without Blake Griffin and that was simply too much to overcome. DeAndre Jordan stepped up in Griffin's absence though, totaling 21 points and 23 rebounds in the loss. Chris Paul recorded a triple - double, tallying 26 points, 10 rebounds and 13 assists. J.J. Redick scored 18 points on an inefficient 7 - of - 18 shooting. Austin Rivers led the bench in scoring, dropping 15 points on 5 - of - 9 shooting. The Clippers have a tough task for their next game as well, as they travel to play the Cleveland Cavaliers on Thursday. Brooklyn (5 - 12) came into this game in the midst of a seven - game losing streak, but snapped that with a huge upset here. Ironically, that losing streak started at the hands of the Clippers. Sean Kilpatrick went just 14 - of - 34 from the field, but finished with career - high 38 points and 14 rebounds in the win. Brook Lopez had one of his best games of the season as well, as he accumulated 27 points, eight rebounds and four assists. Trevor Booker accrued 15 points, 11 rebounds, five assists and four steals as the starting power forward. Bojan Bogdanovic finished with 14 points and six rebounds of his own. On deck for Brooklyn is a home matchup against the Milwaukee Bucks on Thursday.