The Chicago Bulls defeated the host Los Angeles Lakers, 118 - 110, at Staples Center on Sunday. Chicago continues their circus road trip and they continue to show what a true threat they are. A 9 - 2 run to start the fourth really put distance between these teams, as it was the Bulls first double - digit lead of the game. Rebounding was the key for Chicago, as they won that battle, 56 - 37. The Bulls were lights - out from the field as well, shooting 52 percent from the field and 36 percent from three - point range. They made their presence felt in the paint through scoring as well, outscoring the Lakers 60 - 44 in the paint. Chicago (9 - 5) have been one of the surprises of the league and road wins like this just add to their impressive run. Jimmy Butler continued his MVP campaign, as he tallied 40 points, seven rebounds and six assists on 14 - of - 23 shooting. Nikola Mirotic got a rare start with Dwyane Wade resting, as he recorded a double - double, in a 15 - point, 15 - rebound performance. Robin Lopez totaled 12 points and 11 rebounds of his own. Isaiah Canaan led the bench in scoring, dropping 17 points on 6 - of - 10 shooting, Rajon Rondo went just 2 - of - 9 from the field, but grabbed nine rebounds and dished out 12 assists in the win. On deck for the Bulls is a road matchup against the Denver Nuggets on Tuesday. Los Angeles (7 - 7) will have it's inevitable growing pains with this young core and a veteran team like the Bulls was too much to handle. The bench was spectacular yet again, as Lou Williams and Larry Nance Jr. led the team in scoring. Williams finished with 25 points on 8 - of - 14 shooting, while Nance Jr. totaled 18 points and six rebounds on 8 - of - 11 shooting. Jordan Clarkson did have a stinker off the bench though, scoring five points on 1 - of - 12 from the field. Nick Young led the starters with 15 points, while Julius Randle scored 14 of his own. The Lakers play again on Tuesday, as they host the Oklahoma City Thunder for their next game.