The Golden State Warriors (54 - 5) defeated the Atlanta Hawks (33 - 28) 109 - 105 in OT at Oracle Arena on Tuesday. Shaun Livingston started in place of the injured Stephen Curry (ankle), but the absence of Curry was felt tremendously on the court. Add Andre Iguodala (hamstring) being ruled out, and the Warriors found themselves in a thin situation on both the offensive and defensive ends of the court. The game itself was a thriller and Golden State needed an extra five minutes to pull out an impressive and gutsy performance to stay undefeated on their home court. With 1:0 left to play in the fourth quarter, Paul Millsap made his way to the free throw line, where he sank two baskets to take a two point lead, but Klay Thompson drove the lane on the ensuing possession and matched Millsap's free throws to tie the game at 97 points each. Both Millsap and Andrew Bogut missed on their chance to win the game in regulation. Overtime went in favor of the Warriors, where Draymond Green stepped up to the challenge and salvaged a broken play with a quick fire three pointer as the shot clock expired, which all but put the nail in the coffin for the Hawks. Green finished with 15 points, 13 rebounds and eight assists on 6 - of - 15 shooting, while Klay Thompson led Golden State in scoring with 26 points, although it came on the back of 27 shots. Bogut’s last second attempt to win in regulation prevented an almost perfect night of shooting, as he totaled 19 points on 8 - of - 9 shooting. Leandro Barbosa was the bench hero the Warriors needed during multiple plays, rolling off screens and creating off the dribble on multiple occasions. Barbosa’s 11 points were not of the volume type, but they all came at crucial moments in the game. The Hawks may have been considered lucky that they did not have to face the reigning MVP, but they also dealt with a deep Golden State team that boasts the best record in the league. The defensive sets seemed to trump Steve Kerr’s squad, especially after taking the lead in the fourth quarter. Six Hawks players finished in double figures, but 17 team turnovers would eventually become their downfall. Paul Millsap led all Atlanta scorers with 19 points, to go along with seven rebounds and four assists, while Al Horford contributed 17 points, nine rebounds and three assists in the effort. Dennis Schroder outplayed Jeff Teague off the bench, scoring 17 points and dishing out nine assists in 28 minutes. The Warriors listed Curry as questionable for the anticipated matchup against the Oklahoma City Thunder (42 - 18) on Thursday, while the Hawks will look to bounce back when they visit the Los Angeles Lakers (12 - 49) on Friday.