The Indiana Pacers (9 - 5) defeated the Washington Wizards (6 - 5) 123 - 106 on Tuesday. Hey Warriors, there’s a new offensive juggernaut on the block, albeit an unlikely one. After tallying a season - high 123 points in a resounding trouncing of the Milwaukee Bucks on Saturday, the Indiana Pacers turned right around and matched that total in an impressive road win over the Wizards. The outstanding offensive effort was spearheaded by the record - breaking performances of Paul George (40 points, eight rebounds, four assists and two steals) and C.J. Miles (32 points, three rebounds, three assists and a steal), who were a combined 15 - for - 17 from three - point range. Both players also set individual season - bests in made shots from the beyond the arc, with Miles draining eight long - range buckets, and George posting seven treys of his own. In total, the game featured an astounding 32 three - pointers, with the Pacers tallying 19 of those. Indiana didn’t need a whole lot more than George’s and Miles’ contributions, considering they accounted for well over half of the team’s scoring. However, they did receive double - digit scoring efforts from Monta Ellis (10 points, five assists, five rebounds) and the returning George Hill (14 points, five assists, four rebounds). Center Ian Mahinmi came within a rebound of his second double - double of the season, collecting seven points and hauling in nine boards. The Pacers improved to 9 - 5 and currently reside in third place in the Eastern Conference’s Central Division. They head home for a Friday showdown with the Bulls. The Wizards benefited from Bradley Beal’s first game with at least 20 points since a Nov. 6 contest versus the Celtics. The shooting guard amassed 20 points, four rebounds, three assists and two steals. John Wall, as he has been prone to do occasionally this season, struggled with turnovers, committing a season - high eight over 31 minutes. He did manage a season - best three buckets from beyond the arc on his way to an 18 - point, four - rebound, five - assist outing. Like his Pacers’ counterpart Mahinmi, Marcin Gortat also came a rebound short of a double - double performance (10 points, nine boards), while Kris Humphries (scoreless over nine minutes) and Otto Porter (seven points, three rebounds, three assists) did very little to help Washington’s cause. Gary Neal enjoyed a momentous night off the bench, leading the team with 23 points and sinking five three - pointers. The Wizards fell to 6 - 5 and currently reside in third place in the Eastern Conference’s Southeast Division. They head to Charlotte for a Wednesday showdown versus the Hornets.