The Oklahoma City Thunder (30 - 12) defeated the Miami Heat (23 - 18) 99 - 74, Sunday night at Chesapeake Energy Arena. The Heat were hurting coming into this game. Goran Dragic (calf) and Beno Udrih (neck) both sat out, leaving Dwyane Wade to start despite sore shoulders. Gerald Green also left the game with a sore knee. In addition to the injuries, this was the final game of a six - game road trip for Miami, during which they went 2 - 4. On the contrary, the Thunder are at full strength and have been hot, especially at home. They have now won 10 of their last 12, improved their home record to 20 - 5 and picked up their 30th win of the season. Kevin Durant was certainly not reaching when he said that he sees them as a legitimate title contender. After a close half, Oklahoma blew the game open with a 31 - 16 third quarter. Russell Westbrook logged his second straight triple - double, with 13 points, 15 assists and 10 rebounds, in 33 minutes. This was Westbrook's fifth triple - double of the season and 24th of his career. Kevin Durant led the Thunder in scoring with 24 points, along with 10 rebounds for his own double - double. Serge Ibaka shot 9 - 15 on his way 19 points and grabbed seven rebounds, in 32 minutes. Miami struggled holding onto the ball, giving up 21 turnovers on the game. They also got out - rebounded and struggled shooting from deep. A tough spot in the schedule and injuries may have slowed them down, especially in the second half. Dwyane Wade finished with 22 points (9 - 15 FG), three assists and two rebounds, in 28 minutes. Tyler Johnson started at point guard and produced a nice 16 points (7 - 12 FG), six rebounds and four assists, in 38 minutes. Hassan Whiteside showed some offensive versatility, as he shot 7 - 9 on his way to 14 points. Whiteside also grabbed 11 rebounds and blocked four shots, in 33 minutes. The Heat will return home to host the Bucks, on Tuesday. They will then be embarking on another extended road trip. Miami will have to get back on track quickly in order to protect its position in the East. The Thunder will visit Denver to face off against the Nuggets on Tuesday. The Nuggets recently defeated the Warriors and therefore can not be taken lightly by opponent.