The Toronto Raptors (46 - 21) defeated the Boston Celtics (39 - 30) 105 - 91 on Friday. Toronto's outstanding defense has been one of the keys to their highly successful season, and their current position as the second seed in the Eastern Conference. However, it was their offense that made an early splash Friday, as Toronto jumped out to a 30 - 14 lead on the Celtics after one period. Because of their stinginess on the other side of the ball, falling behind by double digits to the Raptors is usually a death knell for most teams, and such was the case again Friday. Boston was forced into catch - up mode all night long, and could n't quite overtake Toronto despite playing much better in the second and third quarters. On the injury front, the Raptors played another game without starting center Jonas Valanciunas, who missed a second consecutive contest with his bruised hand. Boston was led by Isaiah Thomas, who posted 20 points, three rebounds, three assists and a steal. Evan Turner pitched in with 12 points, five rebounds, two assists and two steals. No other Celtics player managed double - digit scoring, but two of their young players did have an opportunity to receive valuable minutes. R.J. Hunter managed eight points and an assist to pace the bench, while Terry Rozier was right behind him with seven points, five assists and three rebounds over 10 efficient minutes. Despite their fourth consecutive loss, the Celtics remain in second place in the Eastern Conference's Atlantic Division, but do drop to the sixth seed in the conference. They head to Philadelphia to take on the Sixers on Sunday. Toronto's attack was spearheaded by Kyle Lowry, who tallied 32 points, five assists, four rebounds, two steals and a block. Luis Scola became the latest power forward to have a productive game against the Celtics' vulernable frontcourt, posting 17 points, three rebounds and a steal. DeMar DeRozan found points a bit hard to come by against Avery Bradley's typically stingy defense, but did manage 15 points, seven rebounds, six assists and a steal. Norman Powell, getting the start at small forward for James Johnson (foot), supplied 10 points and two rebounds. Terrence Ross led the reserves with nine points, two rebounds, two assists and two steals. The Raptors remain atop the Eastern Conference's Atlantic Division, and have a hold of the second seed in the conference as well, two games behind the Cleveland Cavaliers. They're home again versus the Orlando Magic on Sunday afternoon.