The Charlotte Hornets (41 - 30) defeated the Brooklyn Nets (19 - 51) 105 - 100 on Tuesday. The Nets put up a valiant fight after falling behind 25 - 14 after one period, clawing their way back over the middle two quarters. Brooklyn outscored Charlotte over the second and third periods by a margin of 50 - 42. They mostly did it on the strength of solid shooting, as they posted 46 and 44 percent success rates for the game from the field and three - point range, respectively. However, mistakes ultimately did them in, as they committed 16 total turnovers on the night, double that of the visitors. The Hornets were able to regain their footing in the final 12 minutes, and pull away for their fourth win in the last five contests. Charlotte was led by Nicolas Batum, who posted 23 points, two rebounds, two assists and a steal. Jeremy Lin was next with a second consecutive productive outing, tallying 21 points, four assists, two rebounds and a steal. It was his second straight performance with over 20 points, and his total paced the reserves. Frank Kaminsky III, getting the start in place of Marvin Williams (ankle), collected 14 points, seven rebounds, an assist and a pair of blocks. Kemba Walker matched Kaminsky's point total and added four assists, three rebounds and two steals. The Hornets remain in second place in the Eastern Conference's Southeast Division, and have a hold of the sixth seed in the conference as well. They head to Detroit to take on the Pistons on Friday. Brooklyn was led by Brook Lopez, who amassed 29 points, nine rebounds and six assists in his return from an illness that caused him to miss Saturday night's game. Sean Kilpatrick continued an outstanding second half of the season, leading the Nets bench with 25 points, two rebounds, an assist and a block. Bojan Bogdanovic was next with 20 points and three rebounds. Thaddeus Young had a relatively quiet night by his standards, but did pitch in with 10 points, eight rebounds and an assist. The Nets remain in fourth place in the Eastern Conference's Atlantic Division. They're home again on Thursday versus the Cleveland Cavaliers.