The Los Angeles Clippers (8 - 5) defeated the Charlotte Hornets (4 - 11) 113 - 92 on Monday at Time Warner Cable Arena in Charlotte. Despite an even first half, the Clippers were able to out - score the Hornets 57 - 39 in the second half, allowing the them to seal the victory on the road in Charlotte. As a team, Los Angeles was able to shoot 51 percent from the field and 47 percent from the three - point line, compared to Charlotte, who only shot 41 percent from the floor and a meager 10 percent from beyond the arc. The superior shooting, along with out - rebounding the Hornets 43 - 33, gave the Clippers the advantage and put them on track for the victory. The Clippers had six players reach double figures in scoring Monday. Blake Griffin came one assist shy of a triple - double, as he had a monster line of 22 points, 16 rebounds and nine assists. He really seemed to struggle against the Memphis Grizzlies on Sunday, so this was a nice bounce back game for Griffin. Along with Griffin, Chris Paul was able to contribute 22 points (10 - 16 FG, 2 - 5 3Pt), while also handing out 15 assists. The 15 assists were a season - high for Paul, and it marked his seventh double - double of the season. Jamal Crawford also continued to make his presence known off the bench, as he shot 8 - for - 13 from the field and 5 - for - 8 from the three - point line to score 21 points in 26 minutes. In the last two games, he's now combined for 40 points. The Hornets just did n't have the offensive fire power to keep up with the Clippers. Al Jefferson was one of the leaders for the team, as he finished with 16 points and nine rebounds. It was the first time in three games that he failed to reach the 20 - point mark. Kemba Walker had an inefficient 15 points, as he shot only 4 - for - 11 from the field and 0 - for - 4 from the three - point line.He scored the bulk of his points at the free throw line where he went 7 - for - 8 on the night. Coming off the bench, Cody Zeller had a surprise offensive performance. He scored a season - high 17 points, but only grabbed one rebound in 29 minutes. The Clippers' next game will be on the road against the Detroit Pistons on Wednesday, while the Hornets will be at home against the Portland Trail Blazers on Wednesday.