The Chicago Bulls defeated the Phoenix Suns in overtime, 128 - 121, on Friday evening at United Center. The Bulls (29 - 29) found themselves down 102 - 91 with 4:31 remaining following a Devin Booker three - pointer, but mounted an impressive comeback that eventually saw them forge a 106 - 106 tie with 48 seconds left after a Jimmy Butler trey. Butler then added a 13 - foot two - pointer at the nine - second mark that gave Chicago a momentary 108 - 106 lead. However, Booker had a chance to seal the win with one second on the scoreboard after he was fouled by Dwyane Wade in three - point range, yet he missed the last of three subsequent free throws to send the contest into overtime knotted at 108. Wade made up for his late gaffe in the extra period, tallying half of the Bulls' 20 points to seal the victory. The Suns (18 - 40) were led by Booker, who posted 27 points, three rebounds, two assists and two steals. Eric Bledsoe, T.J. Warren and Marquese Chriss followed with a trio of 17 - point efforts. Bledsoe added 10 assists, seven rebounds, one steal and one block; Warren, now in primary possession of the small forward job with P.J. Tucker traded to Toronto, complemented his scoring total with eight boards, two assists and two steals; Chriss also registered seven boards, one assist, two steals and two blocks. Alex Len produced a modest four points and seven rebounds as the starting center, but Alan Williams led the bench with 16 points, three boards and one assist. Wade's 23 points paced Chicago, and he added four rebounds, three assists, two steals and two blocks. Butler compiled 22 points, nine assists, three rebounds and four steals. Robin Lopez totaled 19 points, six boards and one block. Nikola Mirotic led the second unit with 20 points, eight rebounds and two assists over 37 minutes. With Taj Gibson now in Oklahoma City, Mirotic, who drained four of his five baskets from long range, could be in for similar playing time going forward. Denzel Valentine was productive in a reserve role as well, posting 15 points, five rebounds, five assists and three steals over 34 minutes. The Suns remain in the Midwest and next head to Milwaukee to tangle with the Bucks on Sunday afternoon, while the Bulls head to Cleveland for a Saturday night, national TV showdown against the Cavaliers.