The Boston Celtics (40 - 30) defeated the Philadelphia 76ers (9 - 61) 120 - 105 on Sunday. The Sixers are likely one of the best elixirs for a losing streak, and the Celtics were certainly in need of a victory coming into Sunday. They'd lost four consecutive contests, and had seen their playoff seeding slip from third to sixth during that stretch. Ultimately, Boston was able to assert its superiority over their hapless hosts, but as has often been the case lately, it did n't happen without a fight from a feisty Sixers squad. Even after the Celtics jumped out to a 28 - 16 lead after one period, Philadelphia kept coming, and prevailed over the second and third quarters by a combined margin of 63 - 60. Boston was able to pull away in the final 12 minutes however, and earned the rather hard - fought victory on the strength of solid shooting from all areas of the court. The Celtics managed a 49 percent success rate from the field, and 42 percent from three - point range.They were also strong down low, outrebounding the Sixers by a margin of 53 - 40. Boston was unsurprisingly led by Isaiah Thomas, who compiled 26 points, eight assists, six rebounds and a steal. Avery Bradley was strong in support, tallying 20 points, four assists, three rebounds, four steals and a block. Amir Johnson was a pleasant surprise on offense, registering 18 points, eight rebounds and two blocks. Jared Sullinger and Evan Turner rounded out a successful night for the starting five with a pair of 17 - point efforts. The former also contributed 13 rebounds, an assist and a steal, while the latter registered nine rebounds and six assists. Marcus Smart paced the bench with 15 points, five rebounds, five assists and a pair of steals. The Celtics remain in second place in the Eastern Conference's Atlantic Division, and have moved up to the fifth seed in the conference as well. They head back home to face the Orlando Magic on Monday night. The Sixers were spearheaded by an outstanding effort off the bench by Carl Landry, who amassed 26 points and eight rebounds over 25 highly efficient minutes. Hollis Thompson was next, checking in with 18 points, two assists, a rebound and a block. Ish Smith followed with 14 points, eight assists and three rebounds. Jerami Grant scored 11 points, and also hauled in eight rebounds, dished out two assists and recorded a pair of blocks. Nik Stauskas was the second Sixer to tally double - digit scoring off the bench, totaling 12 points, six rebounds and three assists. Philadelphia remains in last place in the Eastern Conference's Atlantic Division. They head to Indiana to take on the Pacers on Monday night.