The Miami Heat (11 - 6) edged the Oklahoma City Thunder (11 - 8) 97 - 95 Thursday. The Heat utilized outstanding ball movement and another vintage performance from Dwyane Wade to stay a step ahead of the high - octane Thunder from the second quarter onward. Miami amassed a total of 25 assists while Wade posted his second outstanding performance over the last four days. After a season - high 30 point effort versus the Celtics Monday, the perennial All-Star provided a game - high 28 - point encore, and added four rebounds, four assists and a steal. He also scored the final eight crucial points of the game for the Heat, including two game - winning free throws with 2 seconds left that he earned by driving hard to the basket on the final possession. The Thunder received typically extraordinary performances from Russell Westbrook and Kevin Durant. The offensive linchpins posted a pair of 25 - point efforts, with Westbrook adding seven assists, five rebounds and a steal, and Durant complementing his scoring with nine boards and five dimes. However, the only other double - digit scoring on the night for OKC came from the bench, in the form of a 13 - point effort from Dion Waiters and a 10 - point outing from Enes Kanter. Serge Ibaka and Steven Adams contributed a pair of nine - point efforts and added seven and eight boards, respectively. Andre Roberson could n't help on the scoreboard with only two points, but did haul in nine rebounds. Overall, the Thunder controlled the glass, outrebounding the Heat 44 to 35 in the contest. Oklahoma City fell to 11 - 8 but retains possession of first place in the Western Conference's Northwest Division. They head home to face the Kings on Sunday. Miami enjoyed double - digit performances from three other starters besides Wade. Chris Bosh had a strong game versus Ibaka, tallying 16 points, eight rebounds, a pair of assists and a pair of steals. Goran Dragic turned in his highest - scoring effort in over two weeks with 14 points, and added seven assists, three rebounds and two steals on a busy night against Westbrook. Hassan Whiteside contributed 11 points and hauled in eight boards, with his customary pair of blocks thrown in for good measure. Josh McRoberts paced the Miami bench with a season - high 12 points, and added four assists and three rebounds. The Heat improved to 11 - 6 and currently reside in first place in the Eastern Conference's Southeast Division. They remain home to take on former teammate LeBron James and the Cavaliers in a Saturday night showdown.