Coming into this game the Los Angeles Clippers (5 - 4) had won eight straight versus the Phoenix Suns (4 - 4) but fell short Thursday night by a score of 118 - 104. The Clippers have now lost four of their last five games The game started out close but Phoenix jumped out to a 20 point lead with a strong third quarter which the Clippers could not recover from. The Clippers were missing their starting back court as Chris Paul sat out with a sore right groin while J.J. Redick sat out with back spasms. The news only got worse for the Clippers as Blake Griffin was ejected after recieving his second technical foul near the end of the first half. Griffin played only 16 minutes and came up with 11 points, along with three rebounds and four assists. DeAndre Jordan was relatively quiet with only 11 points and nine rebounds. Jamal Crawford did his best to fill the offensive void by chipping in a team high 18 points on 7 - 14 shooting, while also nabbing three steals. Wesley Johnson played 24 minutes off the bench and continued his good start to the season with 14 points, including 3 - 6 shooting from deep. The Phoenix back court duo of Brandon Knight and Eric Bledsoe is steadily becomming one of the most dangerous in the league. Knight had a stellar game for the Suns, scoring 37 points on 14 - 22 shooting, including going 6 - 10 from deep. He also dished four assists. Meanwhile, Bledsoe once again came very close to a triple double with 26 points, 10 rebounds and nine assists and has been looking great so far this season. The only other players to score double digits for the Suns were Jon Leuer who had 10 points and 11 rebounds, and T.J. Warren who scored 18 points on 7 - 10 shooting. The Suns as a team shot a strong 53 percent and did a good job on the defensive glass, not allowing the Clippers any second chances in this game. Next up the Nuggets will be in town Saturday to visit the Suns. This will be a must win type of game for Phoenix if they hope to see the play - offs this season. The Clippers, on the other hand, will look to turn things around at home against Detroit on Saturday, in what will be no easy task as Detroit has been looking very good so far. The match up of Andre Drummond versus DeAndre Jordan will be one to watch.