The Denver Nuggets (10 - 14) defeated the Houston Rockets (12 - 13) 114 - 108 for the third - straight time on Monday night. Denver appears to have the Rockets number this year, as they have scored over 107 points in all three wins. There were some eye - popping stats here, as the Nuggets outrebounded the Rockets 52 - 26 in the victory. Denver also shot 51 percent from the field to Houston's 47 percent. The three - point shooting would indicate that the Rockets won this game, as Houston went 18 - for - 40 from long range, while Denver just went 8 - for - 25. Houston actually ended the game on a big run and nearly made a huge comeback, but fell just short. The Rockets use the three - ball as their life source, but that wasn’t the difference tonight. They shot fantastic from long distance, but couldn’t rebound and couldn’t defend. The defense has been terrible all year and they really ca n't stop this Nuggets team for some reason. James Harden led the team with 24 points, three rebounds, six assists and three steals. Donte Montijunas, who has missed the majority of the season, scored a season - high 19 points in a promising performance. The worrisome part of this game as that there were times that Houston was just standing around and effort simply should never be an issue for an NBA team. They'll have to travel to Sacramento on Tuesday to take on the Kings in the second half of a back - to - back set, in what should be an extremely high - scoring game. The Nuggets played a fantastic third and fourth quarter to run away with a big win. They set a season - high with 62 points in the paint and doubled the rebounding total of the Rockets. All five starters for Denver scored in double - figures, but their best player tonight was sixth - man Will Barton. He led the team with 23 points scored and also provided nine rebounds, three assists and three steals in the win. Danilo Gallinari also had a nice all - around game, as he contributed 15 points, five rebounds and seven assists. Gary Harris also scored a career - high 21 points and continues to grow while playing elite defense night in and night out. Denver will look to keep this momentum going against the Minnesota Timberwolves on Tuesday.