The New York Knicks defeated the Charlotte Hornets, 110 - 107, at Madison Square Garden on Friday. Despite there being only five ties and six lead changes, this game was close throughout. In fact, neither team led by more than 11 points, as it came down to the finals seconds. New York really turned it on in the fourth quarter, outscoring Charlotte, 28 - 20. The defensive statistics were decisive, with the Knicks recording eight steals and 10 blocks, while the Hornets tallied just five steals and four blocks. Many of the other statistics were tight, with the two teams tying in fastbreak points and points in the paint, while falling within one rebound of one another. The Hornets (23 - 24) have now lost 10 of their last 14 games, as they continue to regress. Kemba Walker played great off his all - star berth on Thursday, scoring a game - high 31 points to accompany 10 rebounds and five assists. Nicolas Batum fell just shy of a triple - double, collecting 15 points, 11 rebounds and nine assists. Marvin Williams totaled 17 points and three rebounds. Marco Belinelli was a nice spark off the bench, scoring 15 points in 20 minutes. Charlotte will host the Sacramento Kings on Saturday for their next game. The Knicks (21 - 27) were in a terrible stretch headed into this game, but a win over a team like the Hornets is just what they need to get going. It was a team effort, with six players scoring in double figures, with no one scoring more than 18 points. Carmelo Anthony and Kristaps Porzingis tied the team - lead with 18 points, as Anthony added 11 rebounds, while Porzingis provided four rebounds and three blocks. Derrick Rose finished with 13 points, two rebounds and four assists before departing in the third quarter with a leg injury. Brandon Jennings stepped in for him off the bench to drop 15 points and add three rebounds and three assists to his tally. Courtney Lee played 35 minutes and contributed 16 points, three rebounds and four assists. New York will play the Atlanta Hawks on Sunday for their next game.