The Miami Heat (19 - 13) defeated the Dallas Mavericks (19 - 14) 106 - 82 on Friday. Perennial All-Star Dwyane Wade was not expected to play after experiencing flu - like symptoms Friday afternoon. However, the veteran decided to tough things out and remain active in a reserve role, in an effort to help the Heat put a halt to a recent cold spell that had seen them lose three of their last five contests. The move paid off, as the 33 - year - old collected 10 points, seven assists, two rebounds and a steal over just 19 minutes off the bench. Miami was able to dominate the contest with outstanding shooting and highly productive performances from their starters as well, as they tallied an impressive 56 shooting percentage from the field, and a solid 44 percent from beyond the arc. Meanwhile, their suffocating defense stymied Dallas to the tune of 36 and 23 percent tallies, respectively, in those categories. As evidenced by the final score and the aforementioned team shooting figures, the Mavericks obviously had significant trouble making a dent on the scoreboard, and their top scorer netted only 14 points. That player was surprisingly Zaza Pachulia, who did also add 13 rebounds, an assist, a steal and a block. Wesley Matthews (12 points, four rebounds and an assist) and Dirk Nowitzki (11 points, three rebounds, an assist and a steal) were the only other starters in double figures points - wise, while Charlie Villanueva and Deron Williams led the reserves with a pair of nine - point efforts. J.J. Barea, drawing the start for Williams, could only contribute six points and five assists. Dallas dropped to 19 - 14 and currently resides in second place in the Western Conference's Southwest Division. They head home to face the New Orleans Pelicans on Saturday. The Heat's starting five was spearheaded by a monster double - double from Hassan Whiteside that was reminscent of many of his dominant performances from his breakout 2014 - 15 campaign. The four - year pro managed 25 points and a season - high 19 rebounds, along with a block. Chris Bosh poured in 16 points and added seven rebounds and four assists, while Goran Dragic continued his recent stretch of solid offensive play with 15 points, seven assists, four rebounds and three steals. In addition to Wade's strong performance off the bench, Gerald Green made a splash with a 19 - point, three - rebound, two - assist effort over 33 minutes that paced the Miami reserves. While Tyler Johnson (eight points, three rebounds) drew the start in Wade's stead, Green got hot from the field and received some extra run as a result. The Heat improved to 19 - 13 and have vaulted into second place in the Eastern Conference's Southeast Division by virtue of their victory and the Magic's loss to the Wizards earlier in the evening. They now hit the road to face off against the Wizards on Sunday.