The Portland Trail Blazers (37 - 35) defeated the Dallas Mavericks (36 - 35) 109 - 103 on Wednesday. After a 132 - 120 overtime defeat on Sunday in Dallas, the Trail Blazers came in to Wednesday looking to turn the tables. Priority one was likely putting the clamps on ageless veteran Dirk Nowitzki, who had scorched them for a season - high 40 points just three nights prior. Portland did a much more effective job Wednesday, holding the Mavs power forward to 21 points, nine rebounds, three assists and a block. Wesley Matthews did have one of his more effective nights of the season against his former teammates while posting 22 points, but Damian Lillard and the rest of the Trail Blazers starting five proved too much for the visitors. Matthews' scoring total did pace Dallas, and he added five rebounds, an assist, two steals and a block. Salah Mejri put together another impressive outing in a second straight start, tallying a 14 - point, 12 - rebound double - double that also included an assist, a steal and a block. Deron Williams followed with his own double - double, managing 12 points, 11 assists, four rebounds and a steal. J.J. Barea paced the reserves with 14 points, five assists, two rebounds and a steal. Devin Harris was also effective off the bench, totaling 11 points, four rebounds and a pair of steals. The Mavericks remain in third place in the Western Conference's Southwest Division, and are currently slotted in the seventh seed as well. They head to Oakland to take on the Golden State Warriors on Friday night. Lillard's game - high 27 points spearheaded the Portland attack, and he complemented it with six rebounds, six assists, two blocks and a steal. He did commit seven turnovers, the only blemish on his otherwise stellar performance. Ed Davis was next with a bench - leading 16 points, which he supplemented with nine rebounds, two assists and three steals. C.J. McCollum and Maurice Harkless followed with a pair of 14 - point efforts. McCollum also dished out four assists and hauled in a rebound, while Harkless posted four rebounds, two assists, a steal and a block. Miles Plumlee pitched in with 10 points, eight boards, an assist, three steals and a pair of blocks. Al-Farouq Aminu rounded out a successful night for the starting five with 10 points, 10 rebounds, an assist, two steals and two blocks. The Trail Blazers remain in second place in the Western Conference's Northwest Division, and are currently slotted in the sixth seed as well. They head to Los Angeles to take on the Clippers on Thursday night.