The New York Knicks defeated the Orlando Magic, 113 - 105, at Amway Center on Monday evening. The Knicks (26 - 38) had announced earlier in the day that Carmelo Anthony would sit out the second game of the back - to - back set with knee soreness, which created a domino effect that saw rookie Ron Baker enter the starting five. His absence naturally put more of a scoring load on the likes of Kristaps Porzingis, Derrick Rose and Courtney Lee, and each responded with solid contributions to help New York to a road win. The Knicks made a comeback after the Magic (23 - 41) had built a 28 - 20 lead after one quarter, and did it once more in the fourth in overcoming a 92 - 85 deficit to pull away for the eight - point victory. The win snapped an 11 - game losing streak for the Knicks in games in which Anthony had not taken the court. Lee led the way with 20 points, three rebounds, two assists and one steal. Lance Thomas continued his strong play with 17 points, four boards, two steals and one assist. Porzingis supplied 14 points, seven rebounds, one assist and one block. Willy Hernangomez matched his scoring total and added eight rebounds and three assists in just 18 minutes off the bench. Rose compiled 12 points, six assists and five rebounds, and Kyle O'Quinn registered 11 points, eight boards and one assist. Justin Holiday was solid as a reserve with 10 points, four rebounds, three assists and two steals. Evan Fournier paced Orlando with a game - high 25 points, which he supplemented with three assists and two rebounds. Aaron Gordon tallied 17 points, five rebounds, four assists and one block. Elfrid Payton posted a 16 - point, 11 - rebound, 10 - assist triple - double that also included one steal. Bismack Biyombo, logging a second straight start in place of Nikola Vucevic (Achilles), provided a second consecutive double - double with 10 points, 14 rebounds and one block. Jeff Green paced the bench with 15 points, one rebound and one block. The Knicks remain on the road and face off with the Milwaukee Bucks on Wednesday night, while the Magic are home again Wednesday evening as they take on the Chicago Bulls.