The Indiana Pacers (6 - 8) defeated the Dallas Mavericks (10 - 5) 111 - 100 on Monday at the American Airlines Center in Dallas. After coming into Saturday on a six game win streak, the Mavericks have now lost two straight games, with the Pacers being the latest to serve them a loss. The Pacers were able to shoot 50 percent from the three - point line and out - rebound the Mavericks 44 - 37 to help them steal the victory on the road. The Pacers win stems from a big night by Donald Sloan. Sloan shot an outstanding 10 - for - 14 from the field and 3 - for - 5 from the three - point line to score 29 points. He also converted on 6 - of - 9 attempts from the free throw line, adding to his point total. It was only his second game of the season scoring over the 20 - point mark. Luis Scola also was able to have a productive night against the Mavericks. He scored 14 points (4 - 11 FG, 1 - 3 3Pt, 5 - 6 FT) and grabbed 11 rebounds. He's now grabbed double - digit rebounds in three of the last four games he's played in. With Roy Hibbert sitting out with an injury, Ian Mahinmi got his first start at center on the season and was able to post 10 points and seven rebounds. It was his second game in a row reaching double figures in points, after not scoring more than nine points previously this year. Despite the loss, the Mavericks still had plenty of offensive production from their starters. Monta Ellis shot 9 - for - 19 from the field and 1 - for - 5 from beyond the arc to score 24 points, while also handing out six assists. He's averaging 20 points and 5 assists on the season. Dirk Nowitzki also had one of his better offensive games of late. He shot 9 - for - 17 from the field and 2 - for - 4 from the three - point line to score 22 points. He also had 11 rebounds, marking his second double - double of the season. Chandler Parsons and Jameer Nelson were also able to reach double figures in points with 16 and 10 points respectively. The team overall just did n't have their usual defensive presence to keep the Pacers from getting the victory. The Pacers' next game will be on the road against the San Antonio Spurs on Wednesday, while the Mavericks will be at home against the New York Knicks on Wednesday.