The New Orleans Pelicans (25 - 42) defeated the Sacramento Kings (26 - 41) 123 - 108 at Sleep Train Arena on Wednesday. Anthony Davis and Ryan Anderson put on a scoring clinic in the blowout, as both players took advantage of their matchups against the struggling Kings. Sacramento is 1 - 9 over their last 10 games and the team has fallen off the wagon since the all - star break. Anthony Davis got off to a strong start and dominated in the second quarter, where his team ended the half with a 21 point lead. Davis scored 27 points and grabbed 14 rebounds on 10 - of - 20 shooting, while Ryan Anderson was lethal in 26 minutes off the bench and finished with 29 points that included five baskets from behind the arc. Omer Asik has received sporadic minutes over the last few games, but earned the starting nod on Wednesday after not playing any minutes on Monday. Asik contributed a lowly five points, to go along with four rebounds in the unimpressive performance. New Orleans shot selection was all but unstoppable for Sacramento, as they shot 54 percent as a unit. The Kings look monotonous since dropping off in the playoff chase, and their struggle on the defensive end of the floor has opened up blowout losses. They entered the game without the depth of Rajon Rondo (thumb/shoulder) and Marco Belinelli (ankle), which posed major mismatches in the backcourt. The help defense at the rim was also absent, save for DeMarcus Cousins doing whatever he can to keep his team in the game. Cousins finished with 20 points, 12 rebounds, five assists and two blocks on 8 - of - 21 shooting, while Darren Collison impressed on the offensive end with 23 points, which included a perfect 3 - of - 3 from deep. After the brutal second quarter, the Kings bounced back in the third quarter and chipped six points off lead, but it was far from enough to bring the game close enough to compete. Both teams play on Friday, as the Kings will visit the Detroit Pistons (34 - 34), while the Pelicans will host the Damian Lillard and the Portland Trail Blazers (35 - 33).