The Brooklyn Nets (10 - 23) defeated the Boston Celtics (18 - 15) 100 - 97 on Saturday. Brooklyn, which had only three road victories this season, got a rare road win against the Celtics. The Nets largely accomplished their unlikely feat by going through the weak spot of the Celtics' otherwise formidable defense, the frontcourt. As has often been the case this season, Brook Lopez and Thaddeus Young dominated down low with a pair of double - double efforts. Lopez led all scorers with a season - high 30 points, and added 13 rebounds, two assists, a steal and a block for his sixth double - double in the last seven games. Meanwhile, Young contributed 16 points, 10 boards, an assist and a steal. The Nets impressively scored almost half of their points in the paint, collecting 46 near the basket on the afternoon, and also hauled in 50 rebounds. While Boston matched them in scoring down low and actually bested them by one board in the latter category, Lopez's mammoth offensive showing played an integral role in allowing Brooklyn to escape with a hard - fought victory. Veteran Joe Johnson was the third Brooklyn starter to turn in a notable effort, posting 20 points on 9 of 19 shooting. It was somewhat of a breakout game for the 15 - year veteran, who had not eclipsed the 20 - point mark since Dec. 8 against the Rockets, and who was also coming off three straight single - digit scoring outings. Bojan Bogdanovic contributed a solid 13 points and six rebounds, while Jarrett Jack, who was only able to muster two points but who did dish out nine assists, exited the game late in the third quarter with what is believed to be a right knee sprain at a minimum. Jack's right leg appeared to buckle on a fast break opportunity, and the Nets will hold out hope for the best with respect to their veteran point guard. The Nets improved to 10 - 23 but remain in fourth place in the Eastern Conference's Atlantic Division. They now head home to face this same Celtics squad Monday in the second game of the teams' home - and - home series. The Celtics struggled to find the basket all afternoon, particularly from long range. They could only manage 39 and 22 percent metrics, respectively, from the field and beyond the arc. Isaiah Thomas did lead the way with a solid 24 points, six assists, two rebounds and two steals over 36 minutes, and shot a respectable 10 - for - 22. However, Thomas could only drain two of the nine three - point shots he attempted, and missed a 27 - footer with 14 seconds left that would have closed the Boston deficit to three at the time. The dependable Jae Crowder did pick up a technical for a scuffle with Jack, but also put up 16 points and hauled in seven boards. He also handed out three assists and recorded a pair of steals. While the other three starters could only muster single - digit scoring, Amir Johnson did supplement his seven points with 11 rebounds. Evan Turner and Marcus Smart paced the Boston reserves, who scored 41 as a group, with 12 and 11 points, respectively. Turner added seven rebounds and three assists, while Smart pitched in with three boards, an assist and three steals. Two of Smart's thefts came in the final 19 seconds, but the Celtics were only able to convert those into two points in the form of a Turner field goal off the rebound of Thomas' aforementioned three - point miss. Boston fell to 18 - 15 but remains in second place in the Eastern Conference's Atlantic Division. They hit the road to for another go - around with the Nets at the Barclays Center on Monday.