The New Orleans Pelicans (29 - 47) defeated the Brooklyn Nets (21 - 56) 106 - 87 on Sunday afternoon. The Nets announced prior to the game that veterans Brook Lopez and Thaddeus Young would sit for the remainder of the season, in order to avoid further wear and tear in the latter stages of a lost season. The move signaled the inclusion of Henry Sims and Thomas Robinson into the starting five, beginning with Sunday's tilt versus the Pelicans. Sims got things off on the right foot, sharing the team scoring lead with 12 points, and adding seven rebounds, an assist and a steal. Meanwhile, Robinson, who'd already done an outstanding job filling in for Young in a handful games in the latter stages of the season, posted a double - double with 11 points and 15 rebounds. New Orleans was led by Luke Babbit's 21 points, and he added four assists, a rebound and a block. With the Pelicans holding a comfortable lead, the next two leading scores came from the bench, beginning with Tim Frazier, who tallied his first career - double with 19 points, 13 assists, two rebounds and three steals. Alexis Ajinca was next with 16 points, six rebounds, an assist, a steal and four blocks. Dante Cunningham represented the first unit well, chipping in with 14 points, four rebounds, three assists and a steal. James Ennis continued his solid play with New Orleans with 14 points, three rebounds, two assists, four steals and a block. Jordan Hamilton was also highly effective, tallying 13 points, 11 rebounds and three assists. The Pelicans remain in last place in the Western Conference's Southwest Division. They head to Philadelphia to take on the Sixers on Tuesday night. Brooklyn was paced by Sean Kilpatrtick's 15 points and three rebounds off the bench over 26 minutes. Markel Brown equaled Sims' team - high scoring total in a reserve role, and added a rebound and an assist. Wayne Ellington totaled 10 points, three assists, a rebound, a steal and a block. The Nets are currently in fourth place in the Eastern Conference's Atlantic Division. They head to Washington to take on the Wizards on Wednesday night.