The Cleveland Cavaliers (55 - 22) defeated the Charlotte Hornets (44 - 32) 112 - 103 on Sunday. As he's done on so many other occasions, LeBron James took the reins of the Cavaliers offense in a crucial game. With Kyrie Irving sitting out with an injured ankle, James led the way for Cleveland with a game - high 31 points, and added 12 assists, eight rebounds and a pair of steals. He was far from the only contributor however, as J.R. Smith and Kevin Love also notably stepped up in the absence of their All-Star point guard. The victory helped the Cavs open up a 4 - game lead over the idle Toronto Raptors for the top seed in the Eastern Conference with five games to play. Cleveland will have to keep their knife sharpened for at least a couple of more contests, as their remaining games include four opponents who will be fighting for playoff position. The Hornets' attack was spearheaded by Kemba Walker, who pitched in with 29 points, seven assists, six rebounds, four steals and a block. The standout point guard compiled 21 of those points in the second half. Marvin Williams followed with a bounce - back effort after a couple of down performances, tallying 22 points, six rebounds, three assists, a steal and a block. Courtney Lee was next with 11 points, three assists, a rebound, three steals and a block. Jeremy Lin paced the reserves with 14 points, three rebounds and an assist. Charlotte has clinched a playoff spot and is presently tied for second place in the Eastern Conference's Southeast Division, while also currently being slotted in the sixth seed. They visit the Toronto Raptors on Tuesday night. Smith followed James' effort with a season - high 27 points, which he supplemented with five rebounds, three assists and a steal. His point total included six three - pointers in nine attempts from beyond the arc. Meanwhile, Love posted a near double - double with 25 points, nine rebounds, four assists and a block, while draining five treys himself. In all, Cleveland shot 54 percent (16 - for - 29) from long distance. The Cavaliers head to Milwaukee for a Tuesday night tilt with the Bucks.