The Miami Heat (34 - 26) defeated the Chicago Bulls (30 - 29) 129 - 111 on Tuesday. It's often said that a change of scenery can do wonders for a player's outlook and consequently, his performance. Such appears to be the case with Miami's latest acquisition, 15 - year veteran Joe Johnson. In just his second game in a Heat uniform, Johnson paced the starting unit with 24 points, and added five rebounds, four assists and a block, his second performance of 20 points or more in two games in South Florida. He was an integral part of a historic shooting performance for the home squad, which tallied a 68 percent success rate from the field, including 50 percent from beyond the arc. Not only was it the top team shooting night to date in the 2015 - 16 campaign, but also the 17th - best such effort in the last 50 seasons. The 129 points also represented Miami's highest scoring tally of the season. Lost in the Heat's offense's coming - out party was a pretty fair showing on the scoreboard by the Bulls. Seven Chicago players - - four starters and three reserves - - managed double - digit scoring, led by Derrick Rose's 17 points. He added three assists and a steal, in his first game back from the hamstring ailment that had caused him to miss the three previous contests. Aaron Brooks followed with a 16 - point performance that paced the Bulls' bench, and that also included a pair of rebounds and an assist. Pau Gasol was next with a near double - double, registering 15 points, nine boards, six assists and a block. Taj Gibson supplied 13 points, three rebounds, an assist and a steal, while Mike Dunleavy amassed 10 points, two rebounds and an assist. Bobby Portis and Doug McDermott were the other two reserves with double - digit scoring, as they each contributed 11 points. The former also brought down seven boards and recored four steals, while the latter complemented his scoring total with a rebound, an assist and a steal. The Bulls are in third place in the Eastern Conference's Central Division, and dropped a half - game back of the now eighth - seeded Detroit Pistons with the loss. They head up the road to Orlando for an encounter with the Magic on Wednesday night. With such a prolific showing, the Heat naturally had plenty to be pleased about on the stat sheet. Hassan Whiteside continued to show that perhaps coming off the bench is what best suits him, as he once again paced Miami with a 26 - point, 14 - rebound effort that also included an assist and four blocks. It was notably the sixth straight double - double in his six post - All - Star - break games, all in a reserve role. Johnson was next with his aforementioned 24 - point haul, and he also posted five rebounds, four assists and a block. Luol Deng continued his solid stretch of play, totaling 20 points, four rebounds, two assists and a steal. Dwyane Wade was next in line with 18 points, seven assists and a pair of rebounds, and Goran Dragic was right behind with a 17 - point, 11 - assist double - double that was supplemented with four boards and a steal. Miami sits atop the Eastern Conference's Southeastern Division, and currently has a hold on the fourth seed in the conference as well. They remain home to face the Phoenix Suns on Thursday.