The powerhouse Toronto Raptors (49 - 23) made a mockery of the host New Orleans Pelicans (26 - 46) on Saturday night, winnning 115 - 91. With the win, Toronto is now just one game away from the first 50 - win season in franchise history. The red - hot Raptors have held fast at second in the Eastern Conference, remaining just two games behind LeBron James and the Cleveland Cavaliers. The Raps gave the rest of the league a reminder of their contender status on Saturday, absolutely eviscerating the shorthanded Pelicans. While star point guard Kyle Lowry went just 3 - for - 13 from the field on Saturday, Lowry's fellow All-Star and backcourt partner in crime DeMar DeRozan picked up the slack. "The Quadruple Capital" shot an impressive 9 - for - 11 from the field en route to a team - high 23 points. It was n't just the stars that shone in New Orleans, however, as the frontcourt of Luis Scola and Jonas Valanciunas contributed heavily to the win. Scola shot exclusively from behind the three - point line, going an impressive 4 - for - 5. Valanciunas, meanwhile, pulled down nine boards and blocked a whopping five shots. With just 10 games remaining, the Raptors are poised to demolish their franchise high in wins and to be in play for the top spot in the conference. The Pelicans, meanwhile, remain decimated by injuries, with the latest and greatest of them all sidelining superstar Anthony Davis for the remainder of the season. Not a single member of the Pelicans original starting five suited up on Saturday, as each of them was dealing with various injuries. A brutally weakend starting lineup took the floor in New Orleans, with career journeyman Alonzo Gee logging a team - high 41 minutes. As a whole, the team turned the ball over just seven times, an impressive feat against the stingy Toronto defense. Nevertheless, the team shot just 27 percent from deep and seemingly allowed everything on defense, as Toronto converted 53 percent of its shots. The Raptors will host the Thunder on Monday in a battle of two of the league's top teams. The Pelicans, meanwhile, will see a less grueling matchup as they start next week off with a home game against the struggling Knicks.