The host New York Knicks defeated the Detroit Pistons, 105 - 102, at Madison Square Garden on Wednesday. These are two teams expected to battle for a playoff spot in the Eastern Conference and this game had a playoff atmosphere written all over it in a hard - fought matchup. While there were only eight ties and six lead changes, no team led by more than 12 points. New York actually held the lead for the final 30 - plus minutes, but could n't quite pull away. The key for the Knicks was their rebounding, as they snatched down 52 boards to the Pistons' 40. Offensive rebounding was especially decisive, with New York grabbing 19 of those to Detroit's eight. In addition to that, the Knicks recorded nine blocks, while the Pistons swatted away just one shot on their end. Detroit (6 - 6) continues to struggle on the road this season, as they are now 1 - 6 outside of Detroit. Kentavious Caldwell-Pope led the team in scoring with 21 points, but missed an open game - tying three with two seconds left. Tobias Harris was second on the team in scoring, as he totaled 19 points and 10 rebounds. Andre Drummond made a return from a one - game absence to score 15 points and grab nine boards in the loss. Ish Smith tallied 14 points and eight assists on an efficient 6 - of - 7 shooting. Jon Leuer was the only bench player with more than seven points, as he dropped 17 points and nine rebounds in 27 minutes. Detroit will have to step up their road game, as they travel to face the Cleveland Cavaliers on Friday for their next fixture. New York (5 - 6) got a much needed win here and Kristaps Porzingis carried the load. In fact, Porzingis dropped a career - high 35 points on 13 - of - 22 shooting. He also added seven rebounds and three assists in his best game of the year. Carmelo Anthony tallied 22 points, five rebounds and three assists of his own in the victory. Derrick Rose was the only other Knick in double figures, scoring 15 points, while adding five rebounds and three assists. Joakim Noah scored just seven points, but provided 15 rebounds, three assists and three blocks out of the center position. On deck for New York is a road matchup against the Washington Wizards on Thursday.