The Indiana Pacers defeated the Oklahoma City Thunder, 115 - 111, in overtime at Chesapeake Energy Arena on Sunday. Russell Westbrook did everything he could to keep the Thunder (8 - 6) alive while hosting the Pacers (7 - 7). The premier point guard was responsible for the driving layup to bring the game within one point with 0:34 left in the fourth quarter, and buried the 27 - foot three pointer to tie the game at 103 - 103 points each to force overtime. Once again, Westbrook tallied a triple - double, en route to a remarkable season on paper, and an impressive record given the loss they suffered in the offseason. The Pacers were resilient in the victory, not losing focus even after the uber athletic Westbrook dominated his matchup throughout the game. Indiana was without their superstar Paul George (ankle), who will miss Monday's game against the Warriors as well. Glenn Robinson III was the difference maker in overtime after bringing in an important defensive rebound and turning it into a strong dunk on the other end to take a five point lead with 1:28 remaining in the extra period. Jeff Teague and Rodney Stuckey finished off the game from the free throw line to grab their seventh win of the season and improve to .500 on the year as a whole. Westbrook finished with 31 points, 15 assists and 11 rebounds on 13 - of - 34 shooting in 40 minutes of action, while Victor Oladipo was the only other starter to finish in doubles figures scoring with 14 points. Enes Kanter drained a clutch three pointer to close out the third quarter on his way to 16 points, three assists and four rebounds across 25 minutes off the bench. Teague had his hands full with Westbrook on the defensive end of the floor, but made up that difference with an explosive offensive contest, as he scored 30 points, to go along with nine assists and five rebounds on 9 - of - 16 shooting. The frontcourt was also impressive for Indiana throughout the game, evidence by the combination of Thaddeus Young and Myles Turner, who teamed up for 35 points, 20 rebounds, three blocks and two steals. Next up, the Pacers face a tough second game of a back - to - back when they host the Golden State Warriors, while the Thunder visit the Los Angeles Lakers on Tuesday.