The Los Angeles Clippers (18 - 13) defeated the Utah Jazz (12 - 16) 109 - 104 on Saturday. The Clippers came into Saturday’s matchup as part of the second game of a back - to - back, and utilized the 3 - point shot to make up for defensive breakdowns early in the game. Los Angeles was without Blake Griffin (quad), who is amongst the league's best with 23 points per game and 9 rebounds per game, but that did not stop Chris Paul and DeAndre Jordan from running the pick and roll at an efficient rate. Add that to J.J. Reddick and Paul Pierce’s sharp shooting from deep and the equation resulted in a second straight win. Reddick led all Clippers’ with 25 points on 5 - of - 7 3 - point shooting, including a streak of three straight deep balls on consecutive possessions in the second half. Paul Pierce was equally impressive, finishing with 20 points on 5 - of - 7 behind the arc. Pure point guard Chris Paul added 19 points and 11 assists, while DeAndre Jordan completed another double - double, with 14 points and 13 rebounds. The first half defensive inefficiencies need to be addressed by the Clippers, but the team shot 50 percent from deep as a unit, which made up for the slow, turnover ridden start. Los Angeles will continue their road trip and face the Washington Wizards (14 - 14) on Monday. Utah stormed out to a strong 1st quarter, but were unable to capitalize on the momentum going forward. Gordon Hayward led all scorers with 28 points, to go along with six rebounds and five assists on 7 - of - 13 shooting. The backcourt duo of Alec Burks and Trey Burke, who currently combine for the best scoring bench duo in the league, thrived in the first half before going cold later in the latter quarters. Burks finished with 11 points on a perfect 5 - of - 5 shooting in 18 minutes, while Michigan product Burke, added five points in the same amount of time. Rudy Gobert (knee) continues to miss games with a knee injury, and the absence of their shot blocking big man has caused the Jazz to run a small lineup. The lack of size and rim protection allowed DeAndre Jordan to take advantage for the inopportune, easy basket. Utah’s biggest strength in the first period was their pace, but as that died out in the second half, so did the team as a whole. Utah will look to bounce back when they host the Philadelphia 76ers (2 - 30) on Monday.