The Cleveland Cavaliers defeated the visiting Golden State Warriors, 115 - 101, in the NBA Finals on Thursday to force Game 7. In a game where Cleveland had to win to extend their season, they didn’t disappoint. The Cavaliers came out in a fury, as they outscored the Warriors 31 - 11 in the first quarter. In fact, they held Golden State scoreless for the first five minutes, as the Warriors missed their first seven shots. The difference in the game was the shooting, as Golden State were held to 40 percent shooting from the field, while the Cavaliers shot 52 percent on their end. The rebounding was a benefactor for the Cavs as well, with Cleveland recording 45 rebounds to Golden State's 35. The Cavaliers recorded 12 steals and seven blocks as well in one of their best team defensive performances of the season. Golden State knew they had two games to secure their second - straight title and they simply didn’t play with enough fire in this game. Steph Curry and Klay Thompson once again carried the load, as they combined for 55 points, with both players shooting under 45 percent from the field. Curry fouled out with five minutes left and was ejected for the first time in his career after throwing his mouthpiece into the stands. Draymond Green was the only other productive starter, as he finished with eight points, 10 rebounds and six assists in the loss. Harrison Barnes went 0 - for - 8 from the field and recorded just two rebounds and no assists on the night. Leandro Barbosa scored 14 points off the bench, with the other seven bench player combining for just 19 points. Cleveland looked down and out after their Game 4 defeat at home, but have made some serious amends with their last two victories. LeBron James was the star yet again, tallying 41 points, 11 assists, eight rebounds, three blocks and four steals in the win. James actually scored 18 - straight points for the Cavaliers between the third and fourth quarters, which approached an NBA Finals record. Kyrie Irving finished with 23 of his own, while also providing two blocks and two steals. Tristan Thompson recorded a double - double, as he accumulated 15 points and 16 rebounds in the victory. J.R. Smith scored 14 of his own, but no other player on the roster scored more than seven points. Cleveland is looking to become the first team in NBA history to overcome a 3 - 1 deficit in the Finals and they're one win away from that goal. The deciding game is Sunday in Oakland.