The Golden State Warriors defeated the host Philadelphia 76ers, 119 - 108, at Wells Fargo Center on Monday. Golden State was expected to win this game easily against a shorthanded Sixers team and they took care of business in relatively routine fashion. Philadelphia could n't get out of their own way, as they were destroyed by turnovers and fouls. In fact, the Sixers committed 25 fouls and allowed the Warriors to take 39 free - throw attempts, while converting on 33 of them. The assist - to - turnover ratio was decisive as well, with Golden State recording seven more assists than the Sixers, while committing nine less turnovers. The third quarter is when Golden State put distance between them and Philly, as they outscored the Sixers, 34 - 24. The Warriors (50 - 9) were the first team to clinch a playoff berth last week and this win guaranteed another 50 - win season. Kevin Durant led the way for Golden State, as he tallied 27 points, eight rebounds and four assists. Klay Thompson finished second on the team with 21 points, three rebounds, two assists and two steals. Steph Curry went just 7 - of - 23 from the field, but still accumulated 19 points, four rebounds, six assists and two steals. Draymond Green provided 14 points, six rebounds, 11 assists and five steals in an all - around gem. Zaza Pachulia was extremely efficient, as he totaled 16 points and five rebounds on 5 - of - 5 shooting in just 14 minutes of action. The Warriors will continue their road trip on Tuesday when they play the Washington Wizards for their next game. The Sixers (22 - 37) had a tough task here without Joel Embiid and they simply did n't have enough bullets in the arsenal to defeat this potent Warriors bunch. Dario Saric was Philly's best player, as he collected 21 points, seven rebounds and seven assists in the defeat. Robert Covington finished with 15 points, eight rebounds, two assists and four steals. Jahlil Okafor had a game to forget, as he amassed just four points and three rebounds in 17 minutes, while committing a season - high seven turnovers. Richaun Holmes, Sergio Rodriguez and Nik Stauskas combined for 35 points, 12 rebounds and nine assists of the bench. The Sixers will return to action on Wednesday in a road matchup with the Miami Heat.