The Houston Rockets (26 - 25) defeated the Miami Heat (27 - 22) 115 - 102 on Tuesday. Both clubs entered the game without their starting centers, but it was a tad more of an unexpected development for the home team. The Rockets found out earlier in the day that Dwight Howard had been suspended for Tuesday night's game for making contact with an official while protesting a technical foul on Saturday versus the Wizards. With Clint Capela also sidelined with a left hip strain, veteran Josh Smith, reacquired earlier in the month from the Clippers, got the starting call versus Miami. His counterpart on the other side was a well - traveled veteran as well, as Amar'e Stoudemire took the court in Hassan Whiteside's stead yet again due to the latter's oblique injury. Both Smith and Stoudemire demonstrated why they're still viable pieces of their respective squads, with the former coming second only to James Harden in scoring for Houston on the night, and the latter posting a double - double to help keep Miami close the majority of the contest. Ultimately, it was Harden's remarkable effort, as well as the Rockets' 52 and 46 percent tallies from the field and three - point range, respectively, that spearheaded the high - scoring victory. Miami was led by Luol Deng, who has come on offensively over the stretch that Whiteside has missed. He managed 17 points, eight rebounds, three assists and a steal. Dwyane Wade was right behind him with a 16 - point, four - rebound, four - assist effort that also included a steal and a block. Goran Dragic turned in a solid performance against the feisty defense of Patrick Beverley, totaling 14 points, four rebounds and six assists. Stoudemire had 14 points of his own, which he supplemented with 10 boards and an assist. The starting five's tally was rounded out by Chris Bosh, who supplied 13 points, seven rebounds, an assist and a block. Gerald Green pitched in with some scoring punch off the bench in leading the reserves, registering 13 points and adding four rebounds, three assists and a block. With the loss, the Heat fell a half - game back of the Atlanta Hawks for first place in the Eastern Conference's Southeast Division. They remain in the state of Texas for a Wednesday night showdown with the Dallas Mavericks. Harden's 26 points led the Rockets, and he also dished out 14 assists, four rebounds, two steals and a block. Smith checked in with 19 points, four rebounds, an assist, two steals and a block in his spot start. Beverley contributed on the offensive end as well, amassing 14 points, three rebounds, two assists and a block. Marcus Thornton paced the Houston bench with 18 points, five rebounds, three assists and a steal, while Terrence Jones received some extended playing time due to the depleted frontcourt, and turned in 11 points, seven rebounds, an assist and a steal in a reserve role. The Rockets remain in fourth place in the Western Conference's Southwest Division. They head to Phoenix to face off with the Suns on Thursday.