The Chicago Bulls (30) outlasted the Milwaukee Bucks (0 - 3) in double overtime Thursday, 113 - 106, at the BMO Harris Bradley Center. The Bucks had a .6% win probability with 2:0 minutes remaining in the fourth as they trailed by eight points. Milwaukee did n't look like the team that had an 18 - point lead earlier in the game as Derrick Rose and Tony Snell had started to take over for Chicago. The Bucks turned to Khris Middleton, who scored eight of Milwaukee's final nine points to force overtime. After the Bulls and Bucks traded baskets in the first overtime period, the Bulls' began to pull away in the second overtime. Milwaukee's offense sputtered out and began turning the ball over at an alarming rate, failing to register its first point of the second overtime until the final minute. Derrick Rose delivered a huge performance to lead the Bulls to victory with 34 points and eight assists over 48 minutes. The Bulls will look to close out the series Saturday in Milwaukee. Chicago survived Milwaukee's massive momentum towards the end of regulation to gain a three - game advantage in this best of seven series. Along with Rose's tremendous effort, Pau Gasol turned in another double - double with 17 points and 14 rebounds. Tony Snell was key off the bench with 16 points, nine of which came on three three pointers in the fourth quarter. The Bulls are now poised to take a series sweep over the Bucks, but if Thursday's game is any indication, they will be in for a battle in Game 4. Milwaukee's young nucleus turned in a strong performance Thursday against a more battle tested Chicago club. Giannis Antetokounmpo started off strong with 17 first half points and finished with 25 to go with 12 rebounds over 51 minutes on the floor. John Henson had a huge game off the bench with 15 points, 14 rebounds, and three blocks as he filled in ably for a struggling Zaza Pachulia. The Bucks will look to extend the series Saturday on their home floor and avoid a sweep against their division rival.