The Toronto Raptors defeated the Miami Heat, 99 - 91, on Wednesday night at the Air Canada Centre to take a 3 - 2 lead in the Eastern Conference semifinals. The Raptors built a 28 - 18 cushion after one quarter that the Heat spent the majority of game trying to chip away at, but ultimately, Toronto kept pulling away just enough to ultimately secure the victory. The contest was a costly one for both teams health - wise, but particularly for a Miami squad that was already short - handed coming in. Luol Deng had to exit the game after 24 minutes due to a left wrist injury, completing the decimation of a Heat frontcourt that previously lost Chris Bosh (clots) and Hassan Whiteside (knee). Meanwhile, DeMarre Carroll mirrored Deng's misfortune, leaving with his own left wrist contusion after 26 minutes. DeMar DeRozan did n't exactly escape unscathed either, as he appeared to reaggravate the thumb injury that he originally suffered in Game 1. However, the standout two - guard finished the game and did n't allow the ailment to slow him, as he scored a team - leading 34 points and added four rebounds, two assists and two steals. The performance featured a perfect 11 - for - 11 effort from the free - throw line, with several of the baskets coming in the game's final minutes to help stave off a comeback by the visitors. Miami was led by Dwyane Wade, who scored 20 points, along with seven rebounds, four assists and a block. Goran Dragic, who appeared to come up limping after a change of possession late in the fourth quarter, was next with 13 points, five rebounds and a pair of dimes. Joe Johnson pitched in 11 points, eight rebounds and an assist. Josh Richardson paced the reserves with 13 points, three rebounds, an assist, a steal and a block over 22 minutes. Josh McRoberts and Udonis Haslem, who both stand to see an uptick in playing time if Deng is forced to miss a do - or - die Game 6, tallied six points and three boards apiece off the bench. The former also added a steal. Kyle Lowry may have played second fiddle in terms of scoring to his talented backcourt mate, but drained several key buckets in the final two minutes to secure the win. He finished with 25 points, 10 rebounds, six assists, three steals and a block. Although he only managed to net nine of his 25 shot attempts, he did sink four of his nine tries from beyond the arc, including a 25 - footer with 52 seconds remaining. Bismack Biyombo acquitted himself well in his second start in Jonas Valanciunas' (ankle) stead, tallying 10 points, six rebounds, two steals and four blocks. He scored two for the other team as well, as he was called for goal tending late in the fourth quarter. Corey Joseph paced the second unit with nine points, five assists, a rebound and two steals. The two teams reconvene down in South Florida for a pivotal Game 6 on Friday night at American Airlines Arena, with the respective statuses of Deng and Carroll currently up in the air.