The Minnesota Timberwolves defeated the Chicago Bulls, 117 - 89, at Target Center on Sunday afternoon. The Bulls (26 - 29) came in to Sunday's contest at a significant disadvantage, considering that Jimmy Butler (heel), Dwyane Wade (wrists), Nikola Mirotic (back) and Paul Zipser (ankle) were all out of commission. That left Chicago with a tight rotation of 10 players, not to mention a major offensive void. The handicap spelled disaster against a Timberwolves (21 - 34) squad at full strength that ambushed their visitors out of the gate by a 34 - 17 first - quarter margin. Although the Bulls battled back in the second period, the cushion afforded by that lead was enough to carry the hosts the rest of the way. Chicago also committed 18 turnovers, further hampering their chances at keeping matters competitive. The rather unlikely duo of Doug McDermott and Bobby Portis led the way for the Bulls with matching 16 - point efforts, with the former adding two assists and one rebound and the latter also supplying six boards. Michael Carter-Williams pitched in with 12 points, seven rebounds, six assists and two steals. Robin Lopez provided 10 points, four rebounds, two assists and one block, while Rajon Rondo matched Lopez's scoring total and added six assists, three rebounds and one steal in 24 minutes off the bench. Jerian Grant totaled eight points, three assists, a rebound and a block, and Taj Gibson, the only other member besides Carter-Williams and Lopez to take the court, tallied two points, five rebounds and one assist. Andrew Wiggins paced the Timberwolves with 27 points, six boards, four assists, two steals and one block. Karl-Anthony Towns followed with 22 points, seven boards, four assists and one steal. Ricky Rubio turned in a 17 - point, 11 - assist double - double that also included six rebounds and two steals. Nemanja Bjelica led the bench with 16 points, six rebounds, three assists, two steals and one block in 19 highly efficient minutes. Shabazz Muhammad was productive as a reserve as well with 12 points, two rebounds and one steal. Gorgui Dieng posted a 10 - point, 13 - rebound double - double that also included two steals and one block. The Bulls return home to face off with the Toronto Raptors on Tuesday evening, while the Timberwolves remain home to do battle with the Cleveland Cavaliers on Tuesday night as well.