The Portland Trail Blazers (36 - 34) defeated the New Orleans Pelicans (25 - 43) 117 - 112 on Friday. A wild back - and - forth battle featured plenty of offensive fireworks, most coming from the ususal suspects on either squad. Portland's dynamic duo of Damian Lillard and C.J. McCollum put together a pair of 30 - point - plus performances, while Jrue Holiday bounced back from a pair of lackluster games to hit that number as well. The fourth member of the 30 - point club was a Pelicans power forward, but not the one most likely to achieve the mark. It was notably Ryan Anderson, and not Anthony Davis, that accomplished the feat, in an outstanding 37 minutes off the bench. As has happened on multiple occasions this season, Davis was forced to exit the game early with an injury, suffering a left knee ailment that prevented him from taking the floor in the second half. Despite having held a lead as large as 20 points and not having to face Davis over the final two quarters, the Trail Blazers were forced to fight until the final whistle, as the Pelicans mounted a furious comeback. Holiday's clutch 26 - foot three - pointer with four seconds remaining kept things interesting until the very end, and it was n't until McCollum drained two subsequent free throws with one second remaining that Portland was able to breathe easy. Lillard's 33 points paced the visitors, and he added eight rebounds, six assists and a block. McCollum followed closely behind with 30 points, six assists and three rebounds. Mason Plumlee was next among the starters with 11 points, six rebounds and four assists. Gerald Henderson paced the reserves with 19 points, six rebounds and a steal. Ed Davis was productive in a reserve role as well, posting a 10 - point, 10 - rebound double - double. He added a pair of blocks and a steal. The Trail Blazers remain in second place in the Western Conference's Northwest Division, and are currently in the sixth seed in the conference as well. They head to Dallas to face off with the Mavericks on Sunday. Holiday paced New Orleans with 30 points, six assists, two rebounds and two steals. Davis managed 19 points and a rebound in only 14 minutes before exiting with his injury. Toney Douglas was productive in another start, totaling 12 points, six assists, a rebound and two steals. Anderson paced the reserves with his 30 - point scoring total, and added seven rebounds, three assists and a block. New Orleans remains in last place in the Western Conference's Southwest Division and is 10 games behind the eighth - seeded Dallas Mavericks. They're home against the Los Angeles Clippers on Sunday.