The Miami Heat (48 - 33) defeated the Detroit Pistons (43 - 38) 99 - 93 on Tuesday night. The Heat came in to the contest with a chance to improve their chances for better playoff positioning, as a win would put them one step closer to potentially moving all the way up to the third seed by season's end. They did their part against Detroit, which was missing starting point guard Reggie Jackson due to an abdominal strain. However, Miami was also short - handed, with rookie Justise Winslow out with an ankle injury. All five members of the Heat first unit made key contributions to the victory, with veteran Joe Johnson spearheading the charge with 25 points, five assists, two rebounds and two steals. Miami had a solid night from the field overall, tallying a 49 percent success rate. Luol Deng followed Johnson's team - leading effort with a 17 - point, 10 - rebound double - double that also included two assists. Goran Dragic managed 16 points, five rebounds, four assists and a steal. Hassan Whiteside supplied 14 points, nine boards, three blocks and two steals, while Dwyane Wade matched the big man's point total and also pitched in four rebounds and three assists. The Heat are now atop the Eastern Conference's Southeast Division, and are currently slotted in the third seed as well. However, they face off with the fifth - seeded Boston Celtics in TD Garden on Wednesday night, a game that will determine final playoff positioning for both clubs. Detroit was paced by Kentavious Caldwell-Pope, who compiled 17 points, three rebounds and three steals. Tobias Harris and Marcus Morris followed with a pair of 16 - point efforts. The former added nine rebounds and an assist, while the latter supplied four rebounds, two assists, a steal and two blocks. Steve Blake, who garnered the start in Jackson's absence, pitched in with 10 points, seven assists, a rebound and a steal. Andre Drummond was only able to tally a modest nine points, but did haul in 18 rebounds and recorded a pair of steals and a block. The Pistons are in third place in the Eastern Conference's Central Division. They've clinched the eighth seed in the conference and will close out the season at Cleveland on Wednesday night.