The Memphis Grizzlies (25 - 9) defeated the New York Knicks (5 - 32) 105 - 83 on Monday at Fed Ex Forum Arena in Memphis. The Grizzlies were able to dominate right from the start in this one, out - scoring the Knicks 47 - 36 in the first half alone. They were then able to coast to a 22 - point victory in the second half, giving the home fans a show. The Grizzlies were the superior shooters in this one, going 52 percent from the field and 47 percent from the three - point line, while the Knicks went just 43 percent from the floor and 31 percent from beyond the arc. With Zach Randolph still sidelined, both Mike Conley and Marc Gasol continued to make up for the bulk of his production. Conley had a very effective shooting night, going 9 - for - 12 from the field and 2 - for - 3 from the three - point line to score 22 points. He did a little bit of everything in this game, nearing a triple - double with seven rebounds and seven assists as well. Conley struggled to only eight points on Saturday, so it was a nice bounce back game for him. Gasol on the other hand posted 14 points (5 - 12 FG, 4 - 5 FT), eight rebounds and two blocks. He did n't near his season average of 20 points per game, but he was still effective enough to help secure the victory. Tony Allen had 14 points (6 - 8 FG, 1 - 1 3Pt, 1 - 1 FT) of his own. More importantly though, Allen had a huge defensive effort in this one, posting a season - high of seven steals. The only other player to reach double figures was Courtney Lee, who had 11 points in 26 minutes. The Knicks were still without Carmelo Anthony and Amare Stoudemire, which continued to limit their offensive abilities. Quincy Acy led the team in a surprise performance off the bench. He went 7 - for - 8 from the field and 2 - for - 3 from the three - point line to score 19 points. He had only reached double figures three other times this season, making it even more impressive for the young forward. He also got it done on the boards though, posting a season - high of 14 rebounds. It marked his first double - double of the year. Jose Calderon was one of the only other players to give Acy any help. Calderon was very efficient with his shot, going 5 - for - 7 from the floor and 3 - for - 3 from beyond the arc to score 13 points, while adding six assists. Tim Hardaway Jr seemingly struggled to get in a groove and finished with 12 points (4 - 14 FG, 2 - 8 3Pt, 2 - 4 FT) in 33 minutes. The Grizzlies' next game will be on the road against the Atlanta Hawks on Wednesday, while the Knicks will travel to Washington to play the Wizards on Wednesday.