The Atlanta Hawks (28 - 22) defeated the Dallas Mavericks (28 - 23) 112 - 97 on Monday. The subject of trade rumors and victim to a notable slump for most of January, Jeff Teague's 2016 had n't exactly gotten off to the best of starts. However, the 27 - year - old point guard had slowly begun crawling his way back to prominence over the four games prior to Monday, averaging a solid 16 points per contest during that span. Monday's matchup against a Mavericks defense that had struggled against point guards this season proved to be the final domino to fall in Teague's resurgence, as he managed a season - high 32 points, and complemented them with eight assists, five rebounds and a steal over 28 highly efficient minutes. Having totaled a modest 12 points in the first half as Atlanta built a 53 - 46 lead, Teague tallied 13 points in the third quarter alone, helping the home team emerge from the period with a commanding 86 - 73 lead they would n't surrender. Dallas' attack was led by Chandler Parsons, who continued a recent string of considerably productive play. He managed 19 points, 11 rebounds and a pair of assists for his second double - double in the last three games. Dirk Nowitzki returned from his night off against the Suns on Sunday to collect 18 points, three rebounds, an assist and a pair of steals. The reserve tandem of J.J. Barea and Raymond Felton registered the two next - highest scoring totals, with the former amassing 15 points and four assists, while the latter posted 13 points, two assists, a rebound and a steal. Wesley Matthews was the only other Mavericks player with double - digit scoring, totaling 11 points while adding three assists and a rebound as well. Zaza Pachulia could only pitch in four points, but did haul in 13 boards. The Mavericks remain in third place in the Western Conference's Southwest Division. They head home for a date with the Miami Heat on Wednesday. Teague's prolific night was seconded by a 16 - point contribution from Kyle Korver, who also posted three assists, two rebounds and a block. The sharpshooting two - guard's performance was a notable departure from his previous pair of contests, when he'd managed six points against the Pacers and then was held scoreless versus the Heat. Dennis Schroder made it a successful night for the Hawks point guards by collecting 14 points, three rebounds, three assists and a steal off the bench in just 16 minutes of action. Paul Millsap had a rare quiet night on the scoreboard with only eight points, but did manage to pull down 12 rebounds, dish out two assists and record two blocks. Al Horford was able to put together a 10 - point, four - rebound performance against Pachulia's tough defense, and also added a pair of assists and a rejection. With the win, the Hawks move just a half - game back of the Heat for the top spot in the Eastern Conference's Southeast Division. They head to Philadelphia to take on the Sixers on Wednesday.