The Washington Wizards (6 - 4) escaped with a 97 - 95 victory over the Detroit Pistons (7 - 6) on Saturday. This was a spectacular game from start to finish, as it was nip - and - tuck throughout. The only major differential in the stat sheet were the steal totals, as Washington had 10 compared to Detroit's three. The benches were also a big difference in the game, as the Wizards got 51 bench points while the Pistons got just 15. If this does end up being a playoff matchup down the line, it would be a heck of a series. The Wizards didn’t get their best performances from John Wall and Bradley Beal, but the “others” played well here and carried them to a win. In fact, Wall and Beal combined for just 15 points, seven assists, three rebounds and three steals in the win. This was Beal's first game in two weeks after sufffering a shoulder injury, so ithe poor game is nothing to be concerned with. The two best players for Washington on this night were Nene Hilario and Ramon Sessions. Nene tallied 18 points, seven rebounds, two assists and two steals in the win, while going 9 - for - 10 from the field. Sessions was great as well, as he totaled 14 points, nine assists and four rebounds off the bench. This is a deeper team than in years past and that may be exactly what they need to be successful. The Wizards will look to keep up their winning ways against the Indiana Pacers on Tuesday. The Pistons played all their starters at least 32 minutes and they fell just short on Saturday. Every starter scored at least 16 points, except for Andre Drummond who tallied eight points and 13 rebounds in the defeat. The Pistons best player on this night was Marcus Morris, who collected 18 points, nine rebounds and four assists in the loss. Reggie Jackson contributed 20 points and nine assists, but committed six turnovers in an up - and - down performance. This was a tough loss, but it's a good sign to see them compete so hard with the Eastern Conference elite. The Pistons will look to bounce - back against the struggling Milwaukee Bucks on Monday.